United Airlines Baggage Fees: What You Pay & How to Save Skip to content Ad Disclosure Thrifty Traveler Thrifty Traveler: Travel More For Less Travel More For Less Thrifty Traveler Thrifty Traveler: Travel More For Less Travel More For Less Login Settings Beginner's Guide Flight + Hotel Deals Flight + Hotel Deals Top Credit Cards Podcasts News Latest View All The Points-Earning Double Dip Every Amex Platinum Cardholder Should Know About Virgin Incorrectly Promises Free Checked Bags on Delta Award Flights Airlines View All JetBlue Adds More Nonstops to Spain & Italy Next Year! Delta Officially Launches ‘Comfort Basic,’ Its First Step Toward Unbundled Premium Fares Travel News View All No Real ID? The TSA May (Eventually) Charge You a Fee US Drops Plan That Would Have Compensated Travelers for Flight Delays Points & Miles Points & Card News View All Get Our Free Card-Tracking Tool: Now with Twice the Cards + Add Your Player 2! Sapphire Reserve® Cardholders Can Now See a Full List of Hotels in Chase’s New ‘The Edit’ Collection Banks American Express Chase Capital One All Banks The shortcut to finding your next travel card Get card recommendations in minutes. No personal info required. Get Recommendations Credit Card Stories The Master List of Credit Card Transfer Partners Current Transfer Bonuses The Best Credit Cards to Get Started with Travel Rewards The Beginner’s Guide to Getting Started with Credit Cards, Points & Miles Travel Guides Airline Guides Hotel Guides Points Guides Travel Guides Reviews Airline & Flight Reviews Lounge Reviews Credit Card Reviews Hotel Reviews Deals Airline & Flight Deals Credit Card Deals Hotel Deals Points & Miles Deals Get Free Flight Alerts Must Reads How to Find Cheap Flights The Flight First Rule: The #1 Way to Save on Airfare Google Flights: How to Find Cheap Flights Like a Pro The Best Day to Book a Flight & Buy Airfare Isn’t What You Think… Save on your next trip with daily cheap travel news & tips delivered to your inbox.  Success ... Thanks for subscribing to The Daily Beat! Something went wrong. Please try again. Ad Disclosure Login Settings  Search Popular Topics The 10 Best Credit Card Offers for Travelers in November 2025 New Features, Same Low Prices: How to Use Google Flights to Find Cheap Flights The Best Day to Book Flights Isn’t What You Think… How to Find & Book the Cheapest Flight Every Time How Delta (Repeatedly) Bungled its Worst Meltdown Ever Articles Guides Airlines United Airlines Baggage Fees: What You Pay & How to Save October 21, 2024 Gunnar Olson Author Gunnar Olson Travel Reporter, Flight Deal Analyst & Podcast Host  Gunnar is a travel reporter, flight deal analyst, and host of The Thrifty Traveler Podcast who joined the team in July 2021. He finds flight deals for our Thrifty Traveler Premium members and writes a... Kyle Potter Editor Kyle Potter Executive Editor  Kyle Potter is the executive editor of Thrifty Traveler, covering everything from aviation news to travel deals to in-depth guides on using airline miles. A professional journalist, he joined the comp... Google now lets you pick the publishers you trust most. Add Thrifty Traveler so you'll always see our travel news, tips, and updates at the top of Search.  Add us as a Preferred Source We've partnered with CardRatings for our coverage of credit card products. We may earn compensation when a reader clicks on a link, when an application is approved, or when an account is opened. Some or all of the offers on this site are from advertisers, which may influence how and where products appear. This site does not include all card companies or all available offers. Check out our full Advertising Disclosure. Just like with most airlines, the days of getting free baggage when flying United Airlines are long, long gone. In fact, it'll cost you more than ever. Along with every other major U.S. airline, United raised fees to check luggage in early 2024 – the first hike in years. From the fees you'll pay to the baggage allowance and everything in between, United baggage fees vary wildly based on where you're going, what kind of ticket you have, your airline status, or what credit cards are in your wallet. You can even save a few bucks by pre-paying for your suitcase online. But you're reading this because you want to avoid paying altogether, right? Lucky you: There are a handful of tips and tricks that can save you big bucks on your bags on your next United flight. United's Current Baggage Fees Exactly what you get free or what baggage charges you'll pay depends on where you're going – and what kind of ticket you buy. The first checked bag will cost you $35 for most domestic flights. Heading overseas, it might be free … but could also cost you $75 each way. And if you need to check more than one bag, that can jump to as much as $200. Ouch. Thrifty Tip: By pre-paying for your bags on United's website more than 24 hours before your flight, you get $5 off on flights within the U.S., to Canada, Mexico, and throughout the Caribbean. Fortunately, United offers a handy baggage fee calculator on its website. Whether you've already a United flights booked or are just planning, you can use the baggage calculator to find out what United fees you'll have to pay. For example, here's what the baggage calculator will show you for a standard domestic flight. The biggest difference-maker is what kind of ticket you bought. Your final bill for baggage will vary depending on your fare class: Did you buy the cheapest United basic economy fare? Or are you flying United Polaris business class? We've broken down the cost of United's checked bag fees below. One note: All the prices here factor in the $5 discount for paying ahead of time. If you wait until day of, you may have to pay another $5. And these prices are one-way, so double them for a round-trip ticket. Fees for United Basic Economy Buying United's cheapest basic economy tickets means you may have to pay much more for your bags. DestinationFirst bagSecond bagAdditional bags U.S. $35$45$150 Mexico$35$45$150 Canada$40$50$150 Caribbean & Central America$35$45$200 El Salvador$35$100$200 Panama $35$45$200 South America$70$100$150 Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru$70$100$200 Europe$75$100$200 Middle East & AfricaFreeFree$200 India$75$200$300 AsiaFree$100$200 Australia & OceaniaFree$100$200 Fees for United Economy Even with a pricier, standard economy ticket, you might pay the same bag fee But your first checked bag to Europe, Asia, and much of South America is free. In some cases, you get a second bag free, too. DestinationFirst bagSecond bagAdditional bags U.S.$35$45$150 Mexico$35$45$150 Canada$35$45$150 Caribbean & Central America$35$100$200 El Salvador Free$100$200 PanamaFree$45$200 South AmericaFree$100$200 Argentina, Brazil, Chile, PeruFree$100$200 EuropeFree$100$200 Middle East & AfricaFreeFree$200 IndiaFree$200$300 AsiaFreeFree$200 Australia & OceaniaFree$100$200 Fees in Premium Plus, Business Class & First Class All Premium Economy fares and above can check their first two bags for free. All additional and oversized baggage fees are identical to economy tickets. United's (Terrible) Carry-On Policy What really separates United from its domestic rivals like Delta, American, and Alaska is its carry-on baggage allowance. Travelers who book basic economy fares on United are only allowed to bring a personal item on board – you cannot bring a carry-on bag. You read that right: There's no carry-on bag allowance with United's cheapest fares. You can only bring a backpack, purse, or personal item. United recently relaxed one of the worst aspects of this policy: You can now check in online with a basic economy ticket. But you'll have to pre-authorize a $65 charge to a credit card on file – $40 in case you decide to bring a bag, plus another $25 for a gate handling fee fee. It's one of the most restrictive policies you'll find among basic economy fares on U.S. airlines and the reason United was the clear loser in our Battle of Basic Economy. That said, there are some exceptions and workarounds: Basic economy fares to Canada or South America. Transatlantic and transpacific basic economy tickets. Having a co-branded credit card like the *united explorer*. Flyers with United MileagePlus elite status. Flyers with Star Alliance Gold status or higher. Oversized Bags, Strollers, Sports Equipment & More Overweight and Oversized Bag Fees If you have bulky, overweight baggage or oversized bags on United, you could be on the hook for hundreds of extra dollars. For starters, all baggage flying with United must be no more than 62 linear inches (or 157 centimeters). Just combine the width, height, and length of your bag to measure. Any bags from 63 linear inches to 115 inches will incur an oversize baggage fee of $200 apiece. And bags larger than 115 linear inches aren't allowed, period. For overweight bags, the limit is 50 pounds – for most flyers, anyway. How much you'll pay depends on how heavy your bag is: 51 to 70 pounds can get charged an extra $100 to as much as $300 per bag. 71 to 100 pounds will get charged an additional $200 or up to $400 per bag. Checked bags heavier than 100 pounds aren't allowed. You get a bit more leeway with United baggage weight limits if you've got status or are flying business or first class: Bags can weigh up to 70 pounds. Anything heavier and you'll pay United's standard overweight fees. Other Luggage: Strollers, Pets, Sporting Equipment Car seats and strollers: United accepts one free car seat free of charge for each child, in addition to a stroller or folding wagon. Wheelchairs: Wheelchairs and other assistive devices are free on all United flights, so long as the devices can fit into the aircraft bin door. Pets: In-cabin pets in carriers underneath the seat in front of you cost $150 each way and include a $150 upcharge for layovers over four hours in the U.S. or 24 hours outside of the U.S. United no longer allows passengers to check larger pets to their final destination. Skis and Snowboard Equipment: Passengers are allowed up to two snowboards or skis that count as a regular bag, so long as they adhere to weight and size restrictions – and you're in luck as almost all ski bags do. One big thing for skiers to keep in mind: When checking skis or snowboards, travelers are also allowed to check a ski boot bag at no additional cost, so long as both bags are under 50 pounds. Bicycles: United allows charges cyclists to fly with bicycles as checked baggage if packed appropriately in a hard-sided case or durable cardboard box. Oversized bag fees don't apply to checked bicycles, but they are subject to standard checked baggage fees as well as any overweight baggage fees. Hockey and lacrosse equipment: Hockey and lacrosse equipment bags are charged the same as regular baggage, but they include two hockey or lacrosse sticks along with the bag at no additional cost. For other sports equipment (including scuba diving, hang gliding, windsurfing, and paintball), visit United's website. How to Save on (Or Avoid) United Baggage Fees No one likes paying baggage fees. Fortunately, there are a handful of tips and tools you can employ to save flying United – or avoid paying them altogether. Thrifty Tip: All active duty or retired U.S. military personnel traveling on orders, relocations, or just personally, receive two free bags on all United flights. Pack in Just a Carry-On The first way to avoid paying baggage fees with United is completely free: You just have to pack a bit less. Unless you bought a United basic economy ticket, you can always bring a carry-on bag (plus another smaller personal item like a backpack or purse) for free. Plus, it saves you the time of checking in a bag – and the stress of the airline losing your belongings, too. Follow our tips and you’ll be a proud member of Team Carry-On in no time! Book a Main Cabin Fare Abroad Need to check a bag for your big international trip? It might be well worth paying a bit more for a standard economy fare. On flights to South America, Europe, and India, United charges travelers with a basic economy ticket a whopping $70 to $75 each way for a checked bag. But a main cabin economy ticket still gets the first bag free. So on this flight from San Francisco (SFO) to Bogota (BOG), for example, adding a checked bag would cost you another $140 – for a total of $800. If you need to check bags, you'd be much better off buying the main cabin ticket for $770. It won't always work out this way, but it's worth doing the math. Hold a United Credit Card Almost any co-branded United credit card will get you a free first bag when you fly with United. There's just one small hitch: To get a free bag, you have to actually pay for your flight with your United credit card. The cheapest option is the *united explorer*, which gets you one checked bag free on any United-operated flight. What's more, you'll also get a free bag for one companion booked on your reservation. Considering bags cost at least $35 each way, you can come out ahead on the card's $150 annual fee after a few roundtrip flights. And the Explorer Card's annual fee is even waived for the first year! It gets even better with the *united quest*, which will get you and your companion two checked bags free on United and United Express-operated flights when you pay for your flights with the card. If you check a lot of luggage, the savings there can be substantial, easily outweighing its $350 annual fee. The top-tier *united club infinite* also gets you two free checked bags, but its $695 annual fee means it's not the right fit for most travelers. Fly Up Front in Premium Plus or Higher Whether you're flying in Premium Plus (United's name for Premium Economy), first class, or a United Polaris business class ticket, you get two free checked bags on every United flight. What's more, flyers with these tickets get a more generous United baggage allowance: Bags can be up to 70 pounds. Earn United or Star Alliance Status Almost any level of United or Star Alliance status will also give you free bags. But just what you get depends on how high you climb. Here's a breakdown: StatusFirst bagSecond bag United Premier SliverFree$45 United Premier Gold, Platinum, or 1KFreeFree Star Alliance GoldFree$45 United Premier Silver, Gold, Platinum, and 1K members all receive at least one free bag. That means even entry-level status holders with United get a free bag. If you're earning Star Alliance status through a partner carrier, you have to earn Star Alliance Gold to get a free bag on United. Pay for a Subscription United offers something no other major U.S. airline does: You can purchase a baggage subscription to avoid baggage fees when you fly. A United baggage subscription gives you up to two bags per flight. Subscription costs vary widely based on how many bags you want to check, how many travelers you want on your plan, and where you plan to go. It starts at $349 for a solo traveler checking a bag only within the U.S. A solo plan to check two bags on any United flight worldwide jumps to $799. For two travelers and two bags anywhere in the world, it's $899. Just note that this subscription won't cover the additional fees for oversized or overweight bags. If you travel a ton with United, this could be worth considering. Then again, all that flying may mean you get free bags anyway with United elite status.  on United's baggage subscription package. Bottom Line As with any airline, look before you book with United. These bag fees can add up fast. Exactly what you'll have to pay to check a bag with United depends on what fare you buy, where you're going, and what you've got in your wallet. And you might not even be able to bring a carry-on bag, either. Stop Overpaying for Travel! Get our daily  for the latest in travel, flight deals, and how to save on your next trip. Join Now Success ... Thanks for subscribing to The Daily Beat! Something went wrong. Please try again. Gunnar Olson Gunnar is a travel reporter, flight deal analyst, and host of The Thrifty Traveler Podcast who joined the team in July 2021. He finds flight deals for our Thrifty Traveler Premium members and writes about flight deal trends and the travel industry. His insights have been featured... Editorial Disclaimer: Opinions expressed here are the author’s alone, not those of any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Disclaimer: The responses below are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser’s responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. Related Posts Bags Late? Get 2,500 SkyMiles Thanks to Delta’s Late Baggage Bonus September 8, 2025 Delta Embraces ‘Extreme Couponing’ with New Amex Card Benefits February 2, 2024 Avoid These 10 Carriers If You Hate All Those Extra Airline Fees August 7, 2018 Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour  address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment * Name *  * Save my name, , and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Δ 2 Responses Mymon says: March 17, 2024 at 5:18 pm Hello, I have two cardboard packages that do not exceed the weight and dimensions, do I need a bag to get on the plane or is it possible without a bag? Reply David says: June 27, 2023 at 5:45 am I bought a ticket from Air Canada (including check-in baggage) but the flight was operated by UA. I was required to pay 31,50 CAD for the baggage. UA argued, that since the ticket wasn´t purchased at UA, but at Air Canada, according to the policies of UA I have to pay for the baggage. Has this ever happened to you before? Was the approach of UA legit? Thank you Reply Top Credit Cards View all Credit Cards Earn 75,000 bonus points  Apply Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card Limited-Time Offer 100,000 Miles  Apply Capital One Venture X Rewards Credit Card As High as 100,000 Points. Find Out Your Offer.  Apply American Express® Gold Card As High As 175,000 points. Find Out Your Offer.  Apply American Express Platinum Card® The shortcut to finding your next travel card Get card recommendations in minutes. No personal info required. Get Recommendations Get cheap travel tips to your inbox!  Success ... Get our daily  for the latest in travel, flight deals, and how to save on your next trip. Thanks for subscribing to The Daily Beat! Something went wrong. Please try again. About Contact Us Google Flights Premium Login Jobs  Google now lets you pick the publishers you trust most. Add Thrifty Traveler so you'll always see our travel news, tips, and updates at the top of Search.  Add us as a Preferred Source Disclaimer: Thrifty Traveler and its website, thriftytraveler.com, strives to keep all information up to date and accurate. The information here may differ from what you see on a financial institution, service provider, or specific product site. We’re not investment advisers, financial planners, or legal professionals - you shouldn’t rely on us for expert, individual financial guidance. Advertiser Disclosure: Some links on our site come from our advertiser or affiliate partners, like credit card companies or travel services and products, which may pay us if you click, purchase, or apply. But our opinions are our own: We only recommend products and services we believe in. Check out our full Advertising Disclosure. Editorial Disclosure: We pride ourselves on our independence. The content you see has not been provided, paid for, or reviewed by banks, credit card companies, airlines, hotel chains, or other travel companies. Any opinions expressed here are ours - and ours alone. © 2025 Thrifty Traveler. . Disclosures  Policy  of Use Editorial Guidelines