Interline Baggage Trade – Frequently Asked Questions 1. What are the interline baggage rules? IATA Resolution 302 uses the concept of the “Most Significant Carrier” (MSC) to determine whose baggage rules to apply to interline itineraries. For itineraries to or from a point in the United States, the United States Department of Transportation (US DoT) has mandated a different set of rules. For non-US international itineraries, the MSC baggage allowance and charges apply for each flight onto which baggage is through-checked, which is from when the baggage is checked in until it is picked up at the next stopping point. A step-by-step process can be used to determine the MSC – refer to Question 2: For journeys to or from a point in the United States refer to Question 5, as different rules apply. 2. How is the Most Significant Carrier (MSC) identified? The following table will assist in determining the MSC on an interline journey: 3. What are the IATA Tariff Conference areas? IATA divides the world into three Tariff Conference areas. Each Tariff Conference area is subdivided into sub-areas. These areas and sub-areas are used to determine which carrier’s baggage rules will apply, as demonstrated in the examples below. IATA Area IATA Sub-Area Area 1 (TC1) USA, Canada, Mexico, Caribbean Islands, Central America and South America Area 2 (TC2) Europe, the Middle East and Africa Area 3 (TC3) South Asian Subcontinent, South East Asia, South West Pacific and Japan/Korea Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 1 of 6 Example 1 – Travel between two different Tariff Conference areas Sector IATA Tariff Conference Area SYD QF HKG (no stop-over) Within TC3 HKG CX LON TC3 to TC2 Cathay Pacific (CX) is the Most Significant Carrier as it is the first carrier to cross between two different Tariff Conference areas TC3 and TC2. Example 2 – Travel between sub-areas, within the same Tariff Conference area Sector IATA Tariff Conference Area TYO JL HKG (no stop-over) Within TC3. Sub-area: Japan/Korea to South East Asia HKG QF PER Within TC3. Sub-area: South East Asia to South West Pacific Travel is within the same Tariff Conference area TC3. Japan Airlines (JL) is the Most Significant Carrier as it is the first carrier to cross from sub-area Japan/Korea to sub-area South East Asia. Example 3 – Travel within a sub-area, within the same Tariff Conference area Sector IATA Tariff Conference Area BNE QF AKL (no stopover) Within TC3. Within sub-area South West Pacific AKL NZ WLG Within TC3. Within sub-area South West Pacific Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 2 of 6 Travel is within the same Tariff Conference area of TC3 and within the same sub-area of South West Pacific. Qantas (QF) is the Most Significant Carrier as it is the first international carrier within the same sub-area. 4. What baggage allowance applies if the MSC is a codeshare flight? Under all Qantas codeshare arrangements the marketing carrier’s baggage allowance applies. The QF allowances vary for some QF marketed codeshare routes – see qantas.com/baggage for details. For non-US itineraries where the Operating Carrier accepts excess baggage, it may apply its own charges for the carriage of that excess baggage. In case of codeshare flights where the ultimate ticketed origin or destination is in the United States, then the first marketing carrier in the itinerary determines the baggage policy to be applied for the whole itinerary (see question 5). 5. What are the baggage rules mandated by the United States Department of Transportation (US DoT)? The US DoT has introduced baggage rules which govern travel to, from, and within the United States including where the ultimate ticketed destination is within the United States – refer to Questions 6 and 11. (cid:2) The rules state that the baggage allowances and fees that apply at the beginning of a passenger’s itinerary must be applied throughout the entire itinerary. (cid:2) The baggage allowance and fees are determined by the first marketing carrier in the itinerary. Refer to Question 9. (cid:2) Carriers must include the information about the passenger’s free baggage allowance and any applicable fees for a carry-on bag and the first and second checked bag on the e-ticket. (cid:2) The applicable baggage allowance and charges must also be disclosed to consumers in the prescribed manner on any US-marketed website. For the purposes of determining baggage erules, "United States" or "US" consists of the continental United States (country code US) and US Territories Guam (GU), Puerto Rico (PR), Virgin Islands (VI), Wake Islands (WI), and Kiribati including Canton and Gilbert Island (KI). 6. What does “ultimate ticketed destination” mean? The US DoT defines the ultimate ticketed destination as a stop of more than 24 hours at the farthest point from the origin. The distance is determined by the Ticketed Point Mileage (TPM) from origin to all stopover points on the ticket, in the direction of travel. Fare construction points, side trips and end-on-end fares will not determine how baggage rules are applied. 7. When are the US DoT changes effective from? The US DoT’s baggage rules have been in force since 24 January 2012. In relation to interline and codeshare itineraries, the United States DoT gave carriers and agents until 24 July 2012 to comply with the rules. Substantial fines apply. 8. How do the US DoT rules affect Travel Agents? Travel Agents are also required to comply with the US DoT’s rules in relation to baggage. (cid:2) For passengers whose ticketed origin, destination or where the farthest 24 hour stopover point from origin is a point within the US, Travel Agents must apply the same baggage policy throughout the entire itinerary. This is the baggage policy nominated by the first marketing carrier on the itinerary (refer to Questions 9 and 10). Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 3 of 6 (cid:2) All e-tickets for travel to or from a point in the US must include the passenger’s free baggage allowance and/or the applicable fee for a carry-on bag and the first and second checked bag. Travel Agents may provide this information through a hyperlink to the specific information on their own website or the applicable airline’s website. (cid:2) All publicly accessible websites in the US must include on the first screen in which a fare quotation is offered for a specific itinerary selected by a customer, that additional airline fees for baggage may apply and where customers can see those fees. Travel Agents may refer customers to the baggage information on their own website or the applicable airline’s website. As a result of carriers filing their baggage policies, the GDS’s should automatically place the required information on the E-Ticket itinerary receipt. Please ensure that the applicable baggage information is included when you issue E-Tickets. 9. Which carrier’s baggage rules will apply under the US DoT rules? For interline and codeshare itineraries, the first marketing carrier in the itinerary determines the baggage policy which will apply for the entire itinerary. The first marketing carrier has two choices: a. apply their own baggage allowance and charges for the whole itinerary; or b. apply the baggage allowance and charges of the MSC for the whole itinerary (as defined in IATA Resolution 302, see questions 2 and 3). 10. Which rules has Qantas chosen to apply? Where Qantas is the first marketing carrier in an itinerary to or from the United States, Qantas has chosen to defer to the baggage allowance and charges of the MSC for that itinerary. This means when the first flight in the itinerary is a Qantas-marketed flight, all airlines in that itinerary must apply the MSC’s baggage policy throughout the entire itinerary. Examples The examples shown below are for explanatory purposes only. Carriers may change their policies. Refer to the applicable carrier for their current policy.. Travel with a destination in the USA Application of baggage allowance and charges QF is the only carrier QF has chosen to apply the MSC policy CNSQF BNE QF LAX QF BNE QF is the MSC QF baggage policy applies for entire itinerary FJ is the first Marketing carrier FJ has chosen to apply first marketing carrier rule, NANFJ SYD QF LAX US MIA AA LAX FJ NAN not MSC QF is the MSC – but this is irrelevant FJ baggage policy applies for entire itinerary CX is the first Marketing carrier CX has chosen to apply the MSC policy HKGCX SYD QF LAX AA NYC CX HKG QF is the MSC QF baggage policy applies for entire itinerary QF is the first Marketing carrier QF has chosen to apply the MSC policy SYDQF HKG CXLAXAA NYC QF SYD CX is the MSC CX baggage policy applies for entire itinerary Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 4 of 6 Travel commencing in the USA Application UA is the first Marketing carrier UA has chosen to apply first marketing carrier rule, DFW UA LAX QF SYD QF LAX AA DFW not MSC QF is the MSC – but this is irrelevant UA baggage policy applies for entire itinerary AA is the first Marketing carrier AA has chosen to apply the MSC policy DFW AA LAX QF SYD QF LAX UA DFW QF is the MSC QF baggage policy applies for entire itinerary 11. Do the US DoT’s baggage rules apply for passengers who have a connection or stopover in the United States, but whose ultimate ticketed origin and destination are not in the U.S.? No. The US DoT’s baggage rules apply for passengers whose ultimate ticketed origin or destination is a point within the U.S. They do not apply for passengers whose tickets include a connection or stopover in the U.S. The DoT defines ultimate ticketed destination as a stop of more than 24 hours at the farthest point from the origin. For example, the DoT rules would not apply for a passenger who is travelling SYD-LAX-LHR or SYD-LAX-YVR where the passenger is remaining in LHR or YVR for more than 24 hours. The DoT rules would apply for a passenger who is travelling PER-SIN-LON-NYC-LAX-SYD-PER where the passenger is remaining in NYC or LAX for more than 24 hours. The farthest point from origin is PER-NYC via AT with a TPM of 11515 miles (PER-LON via EH has a lesser TPM of 9023 miles). 12. Do the US DoT rules apply to excess, oversize, and special baggage fees, in addition to standard checked baggage fees? Yes. The same allowance and fees, including excess, oversize and special baggage fees, must apply for the entire itinerary. 13. Under the US DoT rules, can a passenger be charged excess baggage for an additional bag or overweight bag during their journey? For example, if they check in more baggage on the return or after a stopover? If so, which carrier’s excess baggage fees apply? Yes, excess baggage fees may be charged if the passenger exceeds the allowance at any point. The same carrier policy that applied at the beginning of the itinerary must be applied throughout the entire itinerary, including fees for any additional or overweight bag/s. 14. Do the US DoT’s rules apply to carry-on baggage? Yes, the US DoT rules apply to all baggage allowances and fees, including carry-on baggage policies. 15. How can I check which baggage allowance is applicable? Carriers file their baggage allowance and fees via the Airline Tariff Publishing Company (ATPCO) and your GDS will automatically populate the applicable baggage allowance into the baggage field of the ticket mask and onto the ticket. For journeys to and from the United States (cid:2) If Qantas is the first marketing carrier in an itinerary, the Most Significant Carrier’s baggage allowance and fees will apply for the itinerary. (cid:2) If Qantas is not the first marketing carrier on the itinerary, Qantas does not determine which baggage policy applies. Please confirm the applicable baggage policy with the first marketing carrier on the itinerary to ensure customers are provided with accurate information. Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 5 of 6 A summary of Qantas and its interline partners’ baggage allowances and any fees for carry on baggage and the first and second checked baggage is available on the US version of the Qantas website at http://www.qantas.com.au/travel/airlines/interline-baggage-allowances/global/en 16. Can the baggage allowance on a ticket be manually changed by a Travel Agent? The baggage allowance on a ticket must not be manually adjusted. The GDS will automatically apply the applicable baggage policy for the journey quoted, in accordance with the policies filed by the applicable carriers. If you believe the baggage information is incorrect, please check with the applicable carrier. For US itineraries, this will be the first marketing carrier on the itinerary. For non-US itineraries, the baggage allowance on a ticket may vary for each checked journey a customer will make. This is not an error. Please ensure the customer is aware when different allowances apply. For journeys to, from or within the USA, the baggage allowance will be the same for the entire itinerary and is determined by the first marketing carrier. A summary of Qantas and its interline partners’ baggage allowances and any fees for carry on baggage and the first and second checked baggage is available on the US version of the Qantas website at http://www.qantas.com.au/travel/airlines/interline- baggage-allowances/global/en Note: Some fares have special baggage allowances which are specifically stated in the fare rules and apply for the entire journey, for example oneworld Explorer and Global Explorer fares. 17. If a customer holds two tickets issued separately, what rules apply and can the baggage be checked to the final destination? Where a customer chooses to purchase travel separately, the baggage rules are applied separately to determine the applicable allowance and fees for each separately issued ticket. Normally baggage carried on separate tickets will not be through checked. 18. Where can Travel Agents find more information about baggage policies? Further information can be found: (cid:2) Qantas Industry Sales– Policies and Procedures – Baggage (cid:2) Qantas.com/baggage (cid:2) Qantas US website baggage and optional services link http://www.qantas.com.au/travel/airlines/us-baggage-allowance-and-fees/us/en (cid:2) Your Global Distribution System (GDS) (cid:2) Website or Call Centre of interline airlines Interline Baggage – Trade FAQs – version 1.0 Page 6 of 6