and  at Send My Bag™ Book Now Our Destinations Student Shipping FAQs Buy Shipping Supplies Register Log In Currency USD Register Log In Currency USD Book Now Destinations Help Centre Buy Shipping Supplies Home   &  Our  and  All activities of Sendmybag (NI) Limited are undertaken subject to these  which govern the  of our service.1. DefinitionsIn these  the following expressions shall have the following meanings:Consignment/Package/Goods: The contents of parcel sent by any of our services to an individual address.Couriers: The various different agents we use to carry out our services.Prohibited Goods: The items designated as such in accordance with Paragraph 11.UK: England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Isles of Scilly.UK deliveries: Any deliveries to an address in the UK.We/Us: Sendmybag (NI) Limited having its’ registered office at 111A Bloomfield Road South, Bangor, County Down, United Kingdom, BT19 7HR trading as Sendmybag.com. Hereby also referred to as Send My Bag.Working Day: Any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, Bank or Public Holiday, Good Friday, Christmas Day and any other day on which the respective courier may be closed. It also means only the equivalent in the country of destination or any intermediate country.Weight: Actual weight in kgs or lbs.Volumetric Weight: Volumetric weight is calculated by multiplying the three dimensions of the Goods in centimetres and dividing by 5000.You/Customer: The person or persons placing the order for delivery of a consignment.2. Send My Bag2.1 We may procure any or all of our services as an agent or may provide them directly as a principal.2.2 You are deemed to have contracted with us as a principal for the performance of the services whether we provide them as principal or as an agent. We have full discretion to either perform the services directly or to subcontract the whole or any part of the services to third parties.2.3 Where we act as an agent for you we are entitled to enter into all contracts on your behalf as may be necessary to fulfil your order and subject to the  and  of such third party.2.4 We may exercise discretion as to the means, route and procedure to be followed in the handling, storage and transportation of the Goods.2.5 We are entitled to be paid and retain all brokerage, commissions, allowances and other remuneration customarily paid to or retained by courier booking services.2.6 We do not accept orders from commercial re-sellers unless such reseller is an authorised member of the Send My Bag ‘Refer & Earn’ scheme, as further described in paragraph 12 below. We reserve the right to cancel any orders placed by any unauthorised re-sellers or suspected re-sellers and the  of paragraph 5 shall apply to such cancelled orders.3. Delivery Times3.1 All delivery times are given as estimates and are not guaranteed. Customers must be aware that unforeseen delays can occur for a wide range of reasons. Whilst Send My Bag periodically monitors all shipments, you agree to daily monitor your item from collection onwards using the tracking tools provided and to notify Send My Bag of any unexpected tracking events. If it is possible to attempt a delivery ahead of schedule we will do so, under these circumstances if no one is available at the destination address a second attempt will be made free of charge. While all pieces in multi piece consignments are typically delivered together, from time to time items may arrive in separate deliveries. 3.2 Wherever customs/security officials of any origin or destination country check any items being shipped/delivered the Company will make any attempt to ensure that luggage can be delivered as per the estimated delivery date. By agreeing to our  and  you accept that delays may occur due to such checks, and that you will not receive compensation, or discounted rates, arising from such delay (including where customs require you to visit an office to clear or collect an item). Any additional duties or other fees levied by any Customs authority will be payable by the customer in accordance with paragraph 6.9.3 below.3.2.1 Denied Parties. In order to comply with international security measures, you agree to provide us with a full and accurate contact name at the collection and delivery addresses, for example 'Thomas Smith', abbreviations such as 'Mr Smith' or 'T Smith' are not acceptable. Failure to provide a full and accurate name may result in your item being held while it is manually assessed against international denied parties lists.4. Size and Weight Restrictions and Subsequent ChangesYou must accurately weigh and measure your item, your quote is based on the weight and dimensions offered.4.1 Weight RestrictionsWhile there is no limit to the aggregate weight of a multi-package consignment, an individual package must not exceed 30 kg on certain UK services and 70 kgs on all other services. The weight of any package will be determined as being the larger of either Weight or Volumetric Weight.4.2 Overweight items may be refused for collection or delivery, may cause delays to your order and/or incur cancellation fees or additional fees if accepted for collection/delivery.You must accurately weigh and measure your item, your quote is based on the weight and dimensions offered.4.3 Size RestrictionsThe longest side/dimension of a single package must not exceed 220 cm however any dimension over 119 cm will incur an extra fee on international services and over 150 cm on UK services, as displayed during booking.Note that there may also be restrictions on size imposed by origin/destination countries.4.4 If you fail to comply with size and weight restrictions set out above it may lead to delays and your payment card will be charged an additional surcharge. All additional charges will be passed on to the customer within 90 days of delivery.4.5 If your item is overweight or oversized you will be charged the excess volume or weight at a rate per kg of 150% of that paid for the original shipment. A handling fee may also be applied. Payment will be taken in accordance with Paragraph 4.6.4.6 By accepting these  and  you also give us the permission to charge your debit/credit card for any weight discrepancies or extra charges that may be charged to us by our agents due to the supply of incorrect information at the time of your booking (including regarding the size, weight and number of items). If we are unable to automatically charge your card we will notify you in writing and you agree to pay us the stated sum within 7 days. Failure to make payment will result in debt recovery proceedings being launched with any associated costs being the responsibility of the customer.4.7 If your item is sent on a pallet which cannot be stacked, either by request of the shipper (e.g. by marking it as fragile) or due to the nature of the shape, contents or packaging of the palletised goods, a surcharge will be applied. The surcharge currently stands at £225 / $306 / €260 / A$430 + VAT as appropriate.5. Confirmation and Cancellation5.1 After you place your order online an order number will be displayed on screen confirming your order has been accepted for processing. Your order has not been accepted at this stage and may still be cancelled. You will later receive an  acknowledging your order has been accepted, booked and confirmed. If you fail to receive the  please login to your account and if a tracking number is displayed then your order has been accepted and confirmed.5.2 At any time up until your order is accepted, confirmed and booked you may cancel your order by telephone only. We will confirm your order has not been accepted and your order will be cancelled and credited to your Sendmybag.com account less an administration fee of £5 or 15% whichever is greater.5.3 You may modify basic details of your order only until the time it has been accepted, confirmed and booked providing such modifications would not the total order value. Any modification that reduces the order value will be treated as a cancellation in accordance with clause 5.2.5.4 Once an order has been accepted, booked and confirmed you cannot modify your order and any such modifications will result in the order being cancelled and a new order will be required. The cancellation fees referred to in clause 5.2 shall apply to any such order modifications. Under exceptional circumstances and at the discretion of the company the customer may be permitted to edit minor details, which do not affect the order value, of a confirmed order for a fee of £5.5.5 If cancellation cover has been purchased when placing your order, you may cancel your order at any time prior to collection, for a full refund of the journey cost. The refund will exclude the cancellation cover payment and any complimentary cover, label holder, labels or related postage payments.6. Packaging, Labelling and Collection6.1 You are responsible for providing us with a full and accurate collection address and any other information for the collection and/or delivery of Goods. You agree to make the package available at this collection address on your chosen collection date between the hours of 9.00 - 18.00. You agree to ensure the correct item is handed to the driver. Upon request for security purposes, you agree to open luggage items and permit the collecting driver to check for prohibited items. Your collection must take place from an easily accessible location; the driver must be able to drive within 25m of the collection point; the collection point must be accessible to the public; the driver will arrive at the address, knock the door and expect the items to be present. If no one is present or the address is inaccessible i.e. access card/key required they will leave and no refund will be offered. It may be possible to pay an additional fee to have a driver attempt the collection a second time. You shall indemnify us for non-delivery and late delivery of consignments due to (i) your providing incorrect information and (ii) persons not being present at specified addresses for the collection and delivery of Goods. For EU collections outside of the UK you must provide a local telephone number, whilst the Send My Bag service does not include a phone call prior to collection as standard, in some locations this number may on occasion be used by the collection depot to clarify collection details, a UK mobile with an international extension is not an acceptable local number.6.2 Occasionally collections will take place earlier in the day, later in the day or the day after your chosen date, this can be due to traffic, illness and other unforeseen events.6.3 You must:-Attach the provided label (available from the customer login) securely in such a way that it cannot be easily removed. DO NOT attach labels in a plastic document wallet using string, cable ties, staples, pins or tape only around the edges. DO NOT, with the exception of boxes, attach labels by running tape around the edge of the label. DO NOT, with the exception of boxes, attach labels using sticky back document wallets. DO attach labels securely in line with our guidance, we always recommend using Send My Bag label holders, if this is not an option you agree to follow our guidance found within our FAQs.A second copy of the label should be placed inside the bag; andEnsure no old labels or any tag bearing any other tracking number or address other than the delivery address is visible on the bag; andFor international services, attach a packing list and customs form visibly and separately from the tracking label.6.4 You must ensure that the description and particulars of any Goods are full and accurate. Any incorrect or inaccurate descriptions may result in refusal to accept the items for carriage. Any costs incurred due to incorrect information will be passed on.6.5 You must ensure all Goods have been packaged in a manner appropriate to the characterisations of the Goods and their transportation with suitable protective material encasing the Goods to prevent damage to the goods and packaging. Your goods must be thoroughly packaged and must be able to fall approximately 100 cm or slide down a sorting chute without being damaged. Your packaging must be sufficient to hold the weight packed, in particular you must ensure zips, seams, handles and other elements are designed to withstand the packed weight.Your consignment will be passing through automated systems including conveyor belts and the packaging should therefore be robust. Automated systems cannot adhere to orientation markings such as "this way up" or fragile stickers. Your consignment may be stacked with other items. By way of example only, appropriate packaging could include a double walled cardboard box or luggage (external packaging chosen and prepared within our guidelines) with individual items protected and secured inside the package.Where any Goods are not properly packaged and protected we shall have no liability for any damage caused to the packaging or the Goods or for the loss of any contents due to failure of the packaging.Plastic bags and boxes of any type are not permitted for use as packaging regardless of how they are prepared.We shall have no liability for damage or loss when vacuum bags are used.Holdalls, Duffles and Rucksacks should be fully wrapped to ensure straps do not get caught as they move through the network.Musical instruments must be secured within a fitted hard case and in turn suspended within a double walled cardboard box.Sporting equipment such as golf clubs, bicycles, and skis should be placed in purpose made hard-shelled, fitted freight cases and secured therein, ensuring vulnerable areas are thoroughly protected. Sporting equipment sent within a box will be accepted for transit but will not be covered by complimentary cover. Sporting equipment sent in a soft sided case may be rejected by the collecting driver, if it is accepted this is not an acknowledgement that the packaging is sufficient and complimentary cover does not apply.6.5.1 Boxes, luggage, covers and other forms of packaging items used to transport goods may suffer damage in transit and as such must also be encased in a protective material and as necessary prepared in other ways appropriate to the characterisations of the packaging to prevent damage to it. Your packaging item must be suitable to; comfortably hold the weight of the goods, withstand being stacked with other items, be able to fall c. 100 cm and slide down sorting chutes as it moves through the automated network without being damaged. We shall have no liability for damage to unsuitable packaging items. Where a suitable suitcase, bag, trunk, case or any other packaging item used to carry the goods is not however suitably prepared and protected, we shall not be liable for any damage whatsoever to the packaging item. We strongly advise against using high-value luggage for transportation of Goods. By way of example only, suitable packaging could include a canvas suitcase with recessed wheels placed within a protective cover, or a double walled cardboard box with the seams reinforced with tape. By way of example only, unsuitable packaging would include an unprotected rigid sided suitcase with spinner style wheels, or a cardboard box with carry handles cut into it.We shall have no liability for damage caused to protruding parts of packaging items, such as but not limited to luggage parts such as wheels, straps, pockets, handles, hanger hooks or other items attached to baggage. Packaging straps and handles should be secured in place prior to collection.6.5.2 All luggage items must remain unlocked for security purposes. Locks may be broken by security and we shall not be liable for any loss incurred due to damage to locks or luggage. You recognise that your packages may be opened, inspected and if found to be containing prohibited items seized by security, we shall incur no liability as a result of that.6.6 You shall save harmless and keep us indemnified from and against:-6.6.1 All liability, loss, damage, costs and expenses whatsoever (including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, all duties, taxes, imposts, levies, deposits and outlays of whatsoever nature levied by any authority in relation to the goods) arising out of our acting in accordance with your instructions or arising from any breach by you of any warranty contained in these  or from your negligence;6.6.2 Without derogation from clause 6.6.1 above, any liability assumed or incurred by us when by reason of carrying out your instructions we have reasonably become liable or may become liable to any other party; and6.6.3 All claims, costs and demands whatsoever and by whomsoever made or preferred in excess of the liability of Sendmybag.com under the  of these  regardless whether such claims, costs and demands arise from or in connection with the negligence or breach of duty of Sendmybag.com, its servants, sub-contractors or agents.6.7 You shall pay to us in cash (or as otherwise agreed) all sums immediately when due without reduction on account of any claim, counterclaim or set-off.6.8. You shall be responsible for all freight, duties, charges or other expenses incurred by us in respect of any consignment.6.9 International shipping and customs6.9.1 All luggage items being shipped internationally must remain unlocked for Customs and security purposes. Any locks will be broken by such customs officials and we shall not be liable for such loss. You recognise that your packages may be opened, inspected or seized by international customs authorities and we shall incur no liability as a result of that.6.9.2 In respect of international deliveries, you shall fully complete, prepare, sign (as appropriate) and attach all documentation as required by customs authorities in the UK and the destination country. Packing lists and customs forms must be attached in a separate wallet from the tracking label and must be attached in such a way to ensure they are clearly visible. Failure to do so may result in customs clearance delays and/or loss/damage to the Goods for which we bear no responsibility. You agree to present any and all information and documentation requested by a customs authority, or by a courier or broker under instructions from a customs authority, in order to clear your package through customs.6.9.3 Any additional duties or other fees levied by any Customs authority will be payable by the customer and by accepting these  and  you also give us the permission to charge your debit/credit card for any duties or fees that may be charged to us by such customs authority in respect of your Goods. If we are unable to automatically charge your card we will notify you in writing and you will be required to pay us the stated sum within 7 days. Failure to make payment may result in additional recovery costs being incurred which shall ultimately be the responsibility of the customer.6.9.4 Where the Send My Bag service is used to send commercial items it is likely that the relevant Customs authority will impose additional charges and these will be payable by the customer in accordance with paragraph 6.9.3.6.9.5 Should your consignment be stopped by customs or enter a clearance event at any point be aware it may take customs some time to process any payment or supplementary information you provide, typical turnaround is 1-3 working days but this time frame can be exceeded. Once payment and supplementary information is provided and your item is officially cleared, it can take some time for your item to re-enter the delivery network and be processed on the correct cycle for delivery, typical turnaround is 1-3 working days but this time frame can be exceeded.6.9.6 In the event that a Customs authority seizes any Goods for any reason they shall be deemed delivered by Send My Bag and we shall have no further liability to the Customer in respect of those Goods. It is the responsibility of the customer to pay any duties, fines or levies imposed by such authority and procure their collection or onward delivery following such seizure.6.10 Additional Items6.10.1 You agree to ensure the correct items are handed directly to the collecting driver. You agree to cover all costs for any additional items presented above and beyond the number of items indicated at the time of booking. In the case of cancellation you agree to ensure the items are not presented to a collecting driver, should the items be presented you will be billed in full. Payment will be taken in accordance with Paragraph 4.6.7. Delivery7.1 Customers are responsible for providing us with a full and accurate delivery address. The delivery point must be accessible to the public and the driver must be able to park within 25 m of this point. Customers must have someone available at this address between the normal delivery hours of 9.00 - 18.00 on the expected delivery day. It is accepted that deliveries may take place outside of these hours. With regard to new build locations it is essential that you confirm that the address is known to local couriers and has received deliveries and handled collections previously.7.2 If our agent cannot deliver the package through no error on their part (inaccessible, no one present etc) a second attempt may be made, usually the next day. If there is nobody present at the supplied delivery address then our agents may, at their discretion, attempt to deliver the consignment to an alternative address being either a neighbouring address or a local post office branch. In such an event, a delivery card will be left at the delivery address specifying the details of delivery at any alternative address. In the case of a delivery to a local post office branch it is the responsibility of the customer to collect the item. If the item is returned to the post office branch you may also be able to call them (on the number provided on your delivery card) to arrange a redelivery - there may be a charge for this service. Any resulting courier charge will be billed to the customer up to 90 days after delivery - settlement will be required within 7 days. If the item is not collected or redelivered within 7 days of the original delivery date, the item may be returned to the sender address, any resulting loss or damage to your item at this stage is no longer covered by any discretionary compensation that we may offer. Any charge resulting from a return to sender will be billed to the customer – and charged automatically in accordance with Paragraph 4.4.7.3 Send My Bag and its courier agents are not obliged to accept instructions to redirect a consignment to an alternative address, other than the address specified in the order. If such instructions are accepted the alternative address will be deemed the delivery address for the purpose of these  and . In the case of redirection additional charges may apply and will be charged in accordance with Paragraph 4.4.7.4 If the delivery is made to an alternative address in the circumstances described in either paragraphs 7.2 or 7.3 above this shall be deemed as if the consignment was delivered to the delivery address for the purpose of these  and . Liability of Sendmybag.com shall wholly cease upon such delivery.7.4.1 Any signature at your appointed delivery address constitutes safe delivery of your item and that we or our agents are in no way responsible for the item once signed for. We nor any of our agents shall be liable in respect of any Consignment delivered to the delivery address or other address specified by the recipient, where any person misrepresents his authority to receive the Consignment on the recipient’s or Customer’s behalf; or where our agents are delivering it in accordance with instructions from, or purporting to be from the recipient or the Customer.7.5 International Deliveries7.5.1 You must provide an available local contact number for international deliveries.If you provide an incorrect address or your delivery address is unobtainable we will contact you with instructions how to contact the courier directly. If you fail to contact them your item may be returned to the collection address and any return charges will be applied under the same  as in 4.6. You should monitor your package via tracking and contact the courier if an item is held, delayed or has stopped tracking.When providing an international delivery address the customer must ensure it is a known standard delivery address, if it is a commercial address you must ensure that it regularly receives deliveries and handled collections. Providing a generic address of a cruise line at a port for example will likely not be sufficient.7.5.2 International service charges cover carriage only, any extra charges arising due to customs delays, import or export taxes are the responsibility of the customer and must be paid by the customer. It is not usually necessary to supply value information for personal effects travelling within the EU and we will not request you to do so, however if you choose to send non standard excess baggage items which may be seen as commercial it is possible that customs may apply a charge, the customer is entirely responsible for paying this charge in accordance with paragraph 6.9.3. You are responsible for ensuring the items they are sending to a country are not restricted. When required the customer is responsible for providing an accurate description and value of contents in order for customs documentation to be completed accurately7.5.3 By sending any "non standard excess baggage" items which may not constitute personal effects on international services, international customs may apply charges which the customer will be responsible to pay.7.5.4 In addition to our standard prohibited items list you will adhere to any additional restrictions imposed by the collection or destination country.7.5.5 The customer is responsible for completing the appropriate documentation required for their particular package to pass through any border control that it may be subjected to. The customer recognises that failure to fully complete and sign any customs declarations may result in customs clearance delays and/or loss or damage to a consignment for which Sendmybag.com or its’ agents bears no responsibility. The customer further agrees to accede to any rights of international custom authorities or employees of Sendmybag.com or its agents, on instruction from the former, to inspect any package or open any package for inspection.7.5.6 Under no circumstances hand a bag to a driver without a Send My Bag tracking label attached. Failure to follow our guidance for attaching labels and customs documentation may lead to delay and loss. Labels are available to be downloaded and printed directly from your account, if you have any difficulties printing your label contact us as it may be possible to send them to you via post for a small fee.If you complete a manual label directly with a courier driver you are entering a new contract for a different service and you will be liable for any additional costs. In the case of completing an express service label you will be charged the difference between economy and express. Couriers collect for a wide range of suppliers and are not in a position to advise you, you must follow the instructions provided by Send My Bag. If you do not have Send My Bag labels ready you should always turn the driver away and contact Send My Bag directly.Charges will be applied in the way as applied in Paragraph 4.4.7.5.7 Your international delivery's transit times and charges are quoted based on the details provided, should you fail to provide a postcode in the internationally recognised format for any country you may not be made aware of additional transit times or costs to your specific location. No details other than the postcode should be entered in the postcode box when placing your order. Additional charges when due will be collected in accordance with paragraph 4.4.7.6 StorageIf delivery of the Goods or any part hereof is not taken by the recipient at the time and place when and where we are entitled to make delivery, we shall be entitled to stop the Goods or any part thereof at the sole risk of the customer whereupon the liability of Sendmybag.com in respect of the Goods so stored shall cease and the customer shall be liable for the costs of such storage if paid by us or any agent. Customers are responsible for ensuring that all items are fit for storage e.g. vacuum sealed etc. and that the Goods do not contain perishable items.8. Delay and Subsequent LiabilityNote that most delays are due to customers failing to label their packages correctly or for failing to weigh the goods properly or for failing to complete documentation fully. If a package is undeliverable it will be returned to the collection address and a cancellation charge will be levied in addition to any return charges imposed by the courier.No expenses will be paid if holiday baggage is delayed and all customers are strongly advised to purchase travel insurance to protect them from such an event.9. Liability for Loss or Damage to a Package9.1 We are a booking agency and are in no way responsible for the loss of, or damage to any package or its contents. We only use large reputable couriers and therefore loss or damage is extremely rare. To avoid damage to your package's contents be mindful that our couriers treat every package with care but your package will be loaded and unloaded by human hands several times on its journey. Your items must be thoroughly packaged and must be able to fall approximately 100 cm without breaking.9.2 Your package will be under the control and responsibility of the courier from collection until delivery, in whatever form in accordance with Paragraph 7, takes place.9.3 In the case of a non tracking item you will provide us with an accurate description of your bag and contents within 7 days. Upon receipt a recovery process will be initiated with the courier which will continue no longer than 28 days after the estimated delivery date.9.4 We accept no liability for loss or damage to any Goods booked through Sendmybag.com by an unauthorised re-seller.10. Insurance, Liability and Discretionary Compensation10.1 You are responsible for ensuring you have sufficient insurance cover in place and often customers will find they are already covered by their home or travel insurance policy. In addition if you are sending valuable sports equipment specialist insurance should be in place. We strongly advise you to inform your insurer before travelling or sending Goods to ensure you have adequate protection.10.2 We shall perform our duties with a reasonable degree of care, diligence, skill and judgement.10.3 We shall be relieved of liability for any loss or damage if and to the extent that such loss or damage is caused by:-10.3.1 Strike, lock-out, stoppage or restraint of labour, Customs delay, the consequences of which we are unable to avoid by the exercise of reasonable diligence; or10.3.2 Any cause or event which we are unable to avoid and the consequences whereof we are unable to prevent by the exercise of reasonable diligence; or10.3.3 the failure of our customer to adhere to the  and  set out in these 10.4 We accept no liability for loss arising from delays in collection or delivery of Goods.10.5 Our liability for loss of or damage to Goods shall be limited to the amount of any discretionary compensation as detailed in clause 10.7 below.10.6 We shall not in any circumstances whatsoever be liable for indirect or consequential loss such as (but not limited to) loss of profit, loss of market or the consequences of delay or deviation however caused.10.7 We may offer discretionary complimentary compensation of £12.50 per kilo up to a maximum of £125.00 per package. This may be increased up to a maximum £1500 by paying a fee during booking. Like for like cover levels may vary slightly based on currency choice and as such your cover level is determined by the currency in which it was purchased and set at this level at the time of purchase, if you later view the website in an alternative currency your cover level may display differently, always check cover level with the website set to the currency in which the order was made. Compensation will not be offered for:-Any item prohibited under 11.5 of these ;non standard personal effects shipments i.e. items which are not usually found in a suitcase;items we advise customers not to use our service to transport or which we advise are sent at the customers' risk including but not limited to, glass, porcelain, all electrical goods (Including but not limited to, Camera, TVs, HIFIs, Mobile Phones, Tablet Computers, Laptop Computers, Printers and Personal Computers), Valuables including but not limited to Jewellery;liquid damage;items reported missing from a successfully delivered shipment which was collected from or delivered to a 3rd party other than the owner of the shipment or a direct family member;loss suffered when goods have been signed for received at the address, refused delivery at the address or the address has been found to be incomplete and the recipient has not responded to contact;loss suffered when goods have not been collected;loss or damage suffered when goods have not been packaged or labelled appropriately in accordance with our .Loss or Damage arising from the following circumstances will also not be covered under the complimentary compensation:Acts of GodConsequence of War or TerrorismProhibited ContentsIn the event that we make an offer of compensation for any Goods it shall be at our discretion to offer the lower of the original value, the current replacement value of the Goods or, where applicable, the cost to repair or reinstate the Goods.The maximum discretionary compensation that will be offered for any individual item will be £250.The maximum discretionary compensation that will be offered for any damage to a suitcase or other packaging item will be £125. To be considered for compensation the packaging item must be deemed to have been suitable and suitably prepared as per 6.5.1. 10.8 Making a Claim for CompensationIn order for us to consider a claim we must be provided with the information detailed below. Note that if you have used insufficient packaging (6.5), not securely attached labels (6.3) in such a way that they cannot peel off or attached the wrong labels compensation will cover will not be offered.If you have not provided an accurate description of the bag and contents within 7 days of the item stopping tracking in order to allow Send My Bag to complete necessary recovery searches compensation will not be offered.In order for us to consider any claim for compensation; in the case of damage you must inform Sendmybag.com, in writing, within 7 days of delivery of the Goods, in the case of loss you must inform Sendmybag.com, in writing, of the non delivery of your item within 7 days of the estimated delivery date. In order for us to consider any claim for compensation; within 28 days of the shipment date you must provide Sendmybag.com with and include in the claim:-.the signed proof of collection or a written statement confirming the item was personally handed to the driver; or in the case of the item not being handed over personally, a fully completed signed copy of Sendmybag.com's non personal hand over form must be returned to us directly by the person you entrusted with your item. Further proof of collection may be require;written confirmation the item has not been received and in the case of communal residences all residents at the delivery address confirms the same, in the case of Hotels, Student Halls and Places of business all employees who may accept deliveries confirm the same;original receipts or other proof of purchase (i.e. bank statements) for contents at or above the claim value;A signed statement of acknowledging your claim is accurate.If you cannot provide receipts or other proof of purchase but Send My Bag accepts your claim then compensation will be limited to a maximum of 50% of your claim upon the submission of online shop links indicating value. In the case of missing items when an item has been successfully delivered, no claim will be accepted without original receipts or proof of purchase.We may request additional information and/or evidence in order to properly assess your claim.For all claims (with the exception of total loss) you must keep the package and its contents in the condition in which it arrived, if required you agree to let a third party examine and report back.No new claim for damage will be considered 28 days after the collection date of the package and no new claim for loss will be considered 28 days after the estimated delivery date.No open claim for damage where additional information has been requested will be considered 8 weeks after the collection date of the package and no new claim for loss were additional information has been requested will be considered 8 weeks after the estimated delivery date.If no response to a claim offer is received, or if the claimant fails to provide payment details or other necessary information in order for the claim to be paid, the claim offer will expire 60 days after the date of offer. 10.9 Where you are also claiming under any policy of insurance for the loss of or damage to Goods then any compensation awarded by Sendmybag.com must be notified to your insurer who may deduct the amount of any compensation from the amount they may pay to you.10.10 We shall not offer any discretionary compensation where a booking has been made through an unauthorised re-seller.10.11 As standard valid claims will be paid in GBP to a UK based bank account, USD to a US based bank account, Euro or SEK to an EU based bank account and AUD to an Australia based bank account with no processing or sender bank fees applied. We are not responsible for receiver bank fees under any circumstances. Processing and bank fees may be applied at cost under any other circumstances. Claims on orders placed in currencies other than GBP, USD, Euro, SEK and AUD, will be paid in GBP. If you require a payment to be made in an alternative currency, either to match the original order currency or otherwise, this may be possible at our discretion however bank fees will be deducted. If you require your claim to be paid to an account outside of the UK, USA, European Union or Australia this may be possible at our discretion however any bank fees will be deducted from the total payable.11. Prohibited Items11.1 The customer agrees to abide by the list of prohibited items provided by us and our agents and that he/she will not attempt to send any goods contained in this listing. The combined lists are not exhaustive and Sendmybag.com retain the right to add any item to this list in keeping with the circumstances prevailing at the time.11.2 You agree you will not send anything which may be construed as illegal in any way e.g. prohibited or stolen items. If you are unsure if an item may be prohibited contact us before sending.11.3 We will not accept or deal with goods such as; precious stones, jewellery, antiques, pictures, human remains, livestock, pets, plants, glass, keys, liquids, pastes, personal documents (including passports & tickets), gels or porcelain. Should any Customer nevertheless deliver any such goods to us or cause us or our agents to handle or deal with any such goods we shall be under no liability whatsoever for or in connection with such goods howsoever arising.11.4 Except following instructions previously received in writing and accepted by us, we will not accept or deal with goods of a dangerous or damaging nature, nor with goods likely to harbour or encourage vermin or other pests, nor with goods liable to taint or affect other goods. If such goods are accepted pursuant to a special arrangement and then in our opinion they constitute a risk to other goods, property, life or health, we shall where reasonably practicable contact the Customer, but reserve the right at the expense of the Customer to remove or otherwise deal with the goods.11.5 Customers are not allowed to pack or ship prohibited items as listed below:-Aerosols or any other pressurised containers;Liquids, Pastes and Gels of any type;*Toner Cartridges;Loose Batteries & Power Banks;No more than ONE device containing a lithium battery in line with our battery policy OR when shipping to / from Australia or China, NO device containing any kind of battery;Tracking devices such as AirTags;Animals and Animal products;Firearms and firearm parts, ammunition, weapons (including imitations of same);Knives;Explosives, incendiary materials and devices including but not limited to fireworks, matches, flares, solid fuels;Flowers and plant products;Human remains or ashes;Medical samples;Items that require a temperature controlled environment;Pornography;Prescription drugs and pharmaceutical products;Tobacco and all vaping products (whether nicotine based or not);Religious Artefacts;Foodstuffs, perishable, animal origin and controlled food articles and beverages including, but not limited to: Fruit & vegetables, dairy products (including dried products containing dairy such as milk chocolate and protein powder), meat, fish, nuts, seeds, wine, beer, spirits and champagne; orPackages that are wet, leaking or emit an odour of any kind;Valuables and high value items including but not limited to antiques, paintings, jewellery, precious stones and electrical equipment (see 11.6 regarding low value electrical equipment);Cash or other forms of tradeable currency;Credit cards;Passports or other confidential personal documentation;Irreplaceable items;Other Dangerous / hazardous goods;Counterfeit goods;Items from sanctioned countries;Other illegal or restricted goods.For international carriage there may be additional prohibited items specified by the country of origin and/or destination. The Company may at its sole discretion refuse to carry other items not listed here.*On EU standard services only you may now send small amounts of:Shower gel.Toothpaste.Other small amounts of non flammable and non alcohol based liquids, pastes & gels for use on holiday.If you are sending liquids, pastes or gels, regulatory requirements are now in place regarding shipping them within the same package (including within the same piece of luggage) as electric or electrical items. We cannot accept packages with this combination of items. Any package found to contain both electric or electrical items and liquids, pastes or gels will be returned or held for collection.11.6 Low value electrical and other non standard excess baggage items (excluding those included at 11.5 on the prohibited list) may be sent at the owner's risk, should any customer deliver any such goods to us or cause us or our agents to handle or deal with any such goods we shall be under no liability whatsoever for or in connection with such goods howsoever arising. If you send such items you agree to package them appropriately for courier travel in line with manufacturer instructions and section 6 of these . Electric or Electrical goods must never be included in the same package (including within the same piece of luggage) as any liquids, pastes or gels.11.7 If you include prohibited items your shipment will not be loaded to an aircraft and will be returned to you. No refund will be provided for shipments returned under these circumstances and a £25 security processing fee will be due before your shipment can be recollected. In some cases your shipment could also be seized and action taken against you by the FAA or other authorities.It may seem over the top that an aerosol would cause the return of your luggage, however in the past faulty aerosols, lithium batteries and flammable liquids have resulted in serious security alerts and as such the aviation authorities have imposed a zero tolerance policy on the inclusion of such items in unaccompanied luggage. While Send My Bag has no control over the international aviation security protocols, we are committed to ensuring a safe and secure environment for all involved and require our customers to comply fully with the regulations. This information is clearly displayed during the booking process, in our pre collection security , in the packing advice selections made prior to accessing labels and elsewhere.12. Refer and Earn12.1 Send My Bag offers an affiliate scheme open to individuals and commercial organisations. Authorised members of the scheme will receive a commission fee equal to 5% (inc VAT) of the value of all orders placed by a referred customer during a 12 month period, which commences on the day on which the referred customer registers an account. For the purposes of calculating the commission fee, the order value will includes all applicable taxes but shall exclude all surcharges such as over size or remote area.12.2 Send My Bag commission is provided as credit which can be used to purchase Send My Bag services. From time to time we may choose to offer a cash alternative to credit, the cash alternative may be valued at less than the value of the credit.12.3 Send My Bag may remove some or all credit from any account at any time for any reason.12.4 Membership of the scheme will be refused on referred accounts which have the same or similar collection / delivery addresses to those associated with the referrer's account.12.5 The affiliate scheme is not open to websites or other businesses which exist solely for the purpose of providing discounts or cashback. If Send My Bag believes such a website is the source of the commission the commission will be removed from the affiliate's account.13. Competitions13.1 From time to time when a competition is active the rules of the competition will be displayed within this clause.14. On Times and Best Prices Guarantee Offers14.1 In order for Send My Bag to match a low price; the quote must relate to a direct shipment to or from the United Kingdom or United States; the quote must come from an active and known specialist luggage shipper; the shipper must be of sufficient reputation; the quote must be available to the general public online for immediate booking; the quote must not require a promotional code; the service must be door to door; the service transit times must be clearly displayed online and be equal to or less than Send My Bag’s; the service must offer a local rate or toll free customer support number available at least 7 days / week; if the price match request is made by telephone or online chat the other party must have the same method of customer support available at the time of enquiry. In order to receive a price match and £10 credit in addition to the above price match clauses; you must notify Send My Bag in writing within 7 days of booking; you must be able to show the low price was in place on the day you booked; if you are a student you must have applied for and used Send My Bag student discount which is open to all higher education students in full time study. Send My Bag may refuse to price match and withdraw this offer at any time for any reason.14.2 In order to place a claim for an on time guarantee credit; you must notify us of your claim in writing within 7 days of delivery; you must abide by all  of service; you must have booked a Send My Bag express service for both collection and delivery; within the UK (including Northern Ireland but excluding Islands & Highlands) OR within the EU. Your collection or delivery point cannot be within designated remote, highlands or islands areas including but not limited to Isle of White, Isle of Man and Scottish postcodes IV, HS, KA27-28, KW, PA20-49, PA60-78, PH17-26, PH30-44, PH49-50, ZE; no delivery attempt can have been made; no failed collections can have occurred; addresses must have been full and accurate at the time of booking; local collection and delivery phone numbers must have been supplied; labels must scannable; labels must have been attached securely and remain attached upon delivery; items must have been packaged in accordance with our ; no prohibited or not recommended items can have been included; no route alert (including but not limited to Christmas and Non Holiday alerts) can have been in place warning against possible delays at the time of booking; public holidays within Europe should be added to transit times (we cannot notify of all European public holidays). Upon approval credit will be placed in your SendMyBag account for future use, if your item was 1+ day over estimate you will receive a 50% credit, if your bag was 2+ days over estimate you will receive a 100% credit. SendMyBag may refuse to offer an on time credit and withdraw this offer at any time for any reason.15. Discounts15.1 From time to time Send My Bag may offer discounts to members of student schemes such as Nus Extra, #SMBstudents, Student Advantage & ISIC. Discounts may also be offered as part of the refer and earn scheme. All discounts are applied at the sole discretion or Send My Bag and may be withdrawn at any time15.2 When applicable, discounts will display clearly in the order summary. If an expected discount fails to apply, stop the order and contact us, no monetary value or refund will be offered in lieu of discount. Discounts only apply to orders placed online. Discounts do not apply to telephone orders.16. Reviews16.1 Send My Bag hosts independent genuine customer reviews. By submitting a review you agree that your review represents a fair and accurate summary of your experience. Reviews are published unabridged with the exclusion of foul language, third party trademarks and personal details which will be obscured within the published review. Get a Quick Quote Send My Bag Destinations Student Shipping Press My Rewards Ski Shipping Bike Shipping Shipping Golf Clubs Shipping to USA Shipping to Australia Blog How it Works Send a Parcel Customer Services Contact Us About FAQ Important Information   Customs Allowances Airline Baggage Fees Airline Information and Fees EasyJet Baggage Fees Ryanair Baggage Fees British Airways Baggage Fees United Luggage Fees Delta Baggage Allowance Be Social Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Wikipedia Trustpilot TikTok Reddit Login × Forgot Password × Password Reset  Sent × An  has been sent to you, if you do not receive the  within a few minutes then please Contact Us. Close Register × Sign In × Log In or Register Select your country UK UK - Northern Ireland UK - Highlands & Islands Spain United States Australia France Germany Italy Ireland Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Niue North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda UK - Highlands & Islands UK UK - Northern Ireland United Arab Emirates United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Choose your preferred currency Australian Dollar - $ Euro - € British Pound - £ Swedish Krona - kr US Dollar - $ Cancel Confirm Live Support