American Airlines Group & Meeting Travel Additional  and  Thank you for making a booking for group travel with American Airlines Group & Meeting Travel – we appreciate your business. These  and  apply to and are incorporated into the contract between you and American governing this group booking. You have represented to American that you have the authorization of the group members to make this group booking and speak on their behalf, and therefore, you, as the authorized travel agent or group organizer, will be the point of contact between American and the members of the group. You agree that American will be entitled to rely upon your instructions relating to group members, and that American may refer any inquiries from such members to you, including payment or refund inquiries. You acknowledge and further agree that all payment obligations shall be remitted by you to American in accordance with these  and  and the group booking confirmation. If you are a group organizer and not the authorized travel agent: The  and rules set forth below are part of the rules that apply to the fares quoted in your group booking confirmation, and that apply to and are incorporated into all tickets that are issued under this reservation. If you are the authorized travel agent: This booking is subject to the Agency Reporting Agreement with ARC, if you are an ARC- accredited agent, and the IATA Passenger Sales Agency Agreement, if you are an IATA- accredited agent, and the applicable American addendum to such agreements (collectively, the “GTAA”). The rules set forth below are part of the rules that apply to the fares quoted in the group booking confirmation and are part of the “Rules” contemplated under the GTAA. For any amount that is owed or payable to American hereunder but that goes unpaid, including any committed deposit amounts, American may issue a debit memo, the payment of which (including the issuance of any related administration fees) will be governed by the  of the GTAA. Group Fares • These fares apply only to group travel. For purposes of these  and , a “group” is a group of passengers traveling to the same destination satisfying the following requirements: o The group must consist of at least 10 passengers, if the passengers are booked in the economy cabin or are booked in mixed cabins (i.e., not all passengers are booked in a premium cabin), or 7 passengers, if all passengers are booked in Version 10/01/20 1 4819-7262-7622 5 premium cabins. For purposes of this determination, the premium economy, business, and first class cabins will be considered to be premium cabins. o All passengers in the group must travel together on at least 1 common flight segment, and if the itinerary for the group includes an outbound international segment (excluding any U.S. – Canada segment), the group must travel together on that segment. All originating outbound travel for the initial minimum group members must commence on the same date. Additional group members may be added, but these members must commence their outbound travel on that same date, or on the day that is immediately before or after such date, but not both. o All passengers in the group must commence their return travel within a 7-day window (i.e., the time difference between the commencement of travel for the first returning passenger and the commencement of travel for the last returning passenger may not exceed 7 consecutive calendar days). • If the group fails to meet the above minimum requirements, this group booking and all reservations may be cancelled, in which case all deposits then-paid will be forfeited. If any individual passengers make changes to their itinerary such that they are no longer traveling with the group, they will be treated as individual passengers and their tickets will be subject to adjustment based on the applicable, non-group fare. • The following rules apply to minors (i.e., anyone under the age of 18) that may be included within the group: o On non-stop itineraries, there must be at least 1 adult for every 20 minors. o On itineraries with connecting flights, there must be at least 1 adult for every 15 minors. • For each individual passenger booking made under this group confirmation, you shall pay or commit to pay (at American’s discretion) American the following deposit amount (or, in cases where the amounts on the group booking confirmation are stated in local currencies, the amounts provided on that group booking confirmation), which will be determined based upon the highest class of service on such passenger’s itinerary (provided, that if the booking is being made less than 30 days prior to departure, there may be no deposit required due to the full balance being due): o Economy Class: $100 o Premium Economy Class: $150 o Business Class: $200 o First Class: $400 Version 10/17/19 2 4819-7262-7622 5 The deposit or commitment, as applicable, for each individual booking must be received by American no later than the deposit payment deadline listed on the group booking confirmation. American may determine to either apply the deposit to the outstanding fare amount or, once the full fare has been paid, provide a refund of the deposit. • Until the final payment deadline for the full fare balance, you may make incremental payments by contacting American. You will be required to designate the particular reservation(s) to which such payments will be applied. • The full fare balance must be received by American no later than 30 days prior to first commencement of travel by any member of the group, at the time of booking if booked within 30 days of that first commencement, or the final payment deadline provided on the group booking confirmation. This final payment deadline is provided on the group booking confirmation. • The availability of flights, travel dates and times, and seat availability is not guaranteed and is subject to change at any time. No reservation will be ticketed until the full fare, as well as all applicable taxes, fees, and other charges, is received by American. Upon actually booking such group booking (understanding that the deposits are payable as of the deposit payment deadline provided in the group booking confirmation), American will honor the base fare and hold inventory, but seat availability is not guaranteed. • These reservations and all travel undertaken under this group booking are subject to American’s applicable  of carriage and all applicable fare rules and restrictions. • All tickets must be issued via electronic ticketing. Changes • Changes relating to routing, times, dates, class of service and passenger names that are made before the date that is 90 days before commencement of travel are free of charge but may result in a change to the fare. • After ticketing, one passenger name change per-ticket is free of charge, but any subsequent name change will be subject to the applicable change fee. No passenger name changes are permitted within 48 hours of the commencement of travel. This ability to change passenger names is only applicable to American Airlines- or American Eagle-operated flights. Name changes for flights operated by other carriers are governed by that carrier’s rules and policies. • After ticketing, ticket changes are subject to applicable change fee plus any fare difference in the case of date, time or routing changes. Cancellation Version 10/17/19 3 4819-7262-7622 5 • The group must at all times meet the minimum passenger number requirements that are noted above. If the number of passengers in the group falls below this minimum, the group may be cancelled, including all reservations and tickets, and the below fees will be payable. • All tickets issued under the group booking confirmation are nonrefundable. • Cancellation of any group reservations prior to ticketing will be subject to the following: o Any reservations for which the full payment balance has not been received by American as of the final payment deadline provided in the group booking confirmation are subject to cancellation. o If cancellation of the entire group occurs after the deposit has been paid or committed but prior to the 90-day utilization period, American will retain a holding fee in an amount that is equal to the deposit amounts of the 3 passengers in the group with the lowest deposits. o If any partial cancellation occurs 90 days or more before the commencement of travel prior to the 90-day utilization period, American will refund the applicable deposit amounts (excluding the holding fee, if applicable) and any additional unticketed paid fare amounts. o If any cancellation represents more than 10% of the group members and occurs between 89 days and 30 days before the commencement of travel, American will retain the applicable deposit amounts and refund any additional unticketed paid fare amounts. o If any cancellation occurs within 29 days of the commencement of travel, the group will be liable for the full base fare amount plus all airline-imposed fees. These amounts will be collected via debit memo or collection notice, which may be offset by any funds already held. Version 10/17/19 4 4819-7262-7622 5