BEFORE THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION WASHINGTON, D.C. Notice of IATA Traffic Conference Actions Tentatively Exempted Docket DOT-OST-2012-0058 From Filing for Approval NOTICE OF TIER 1 AGREEMENTS FILING BY THE INTERNATIONAL AIR TRANSPORT ASSOCIATION 25 July 2024 Communications with respect to this Document should be sent to Douglas Lavin Regional Vice President – North America International Air Transport Association 1201 F Street, NW, Suite 650 Washington, DC 20004 (202) 628-9292 Summary DOCKET: DOT-OST-2012-0058 DOT ORDER: None Requested Date: 25 July 2024 Filing fee/IATA Acct: Waived by Order 2012-4-18, Appendix A, Section D US/UST involved Yes Intended effective date: 01 October 2024 Meeting site, date: IATA Cargo Tariff Coordinating Conference – Virtual Meeting 2024 Agreement(s)/Minutes Memorandum CTC 0762 NOTICE OF TIER 1 AGREEMENTS FILING Pursuant to statements submitted by Member airlines of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the undersigned has been constituted to be their attorney-in-fact for filing with the Department of Transportation copies of agreements adopted by the IATA Traffic Conferences. On their behalf, and pursuant to the procedures specified in Order 2012-4-18 (13 April 2012), I am filing with the Department, in Docket OST-2012-0058, this Notice, the subject agreements and supporting documentation. These agreements are Tier 1 agreements tentatively exempted by Order 2012-4-18 from Condition #2 to the Department’s approval of the Provisions for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences, which condition requires pre-implementation Department review. The intended effective date of the agreements is 01 September 2023. The subject agreements amend or establish Resolutions and/or Recommended Practices that do not address subject areas which the Department has indicated it still chooses to review under Condition #2. The text of the agreements and other conference documentation sent to airline Members of IATA accompany this Notice. The cover pages of the documentation clearly identify each affected Resolution and/or Recommended Practice and show whether the subject agreements are amendments or new agreements. Other pages provide the text of each subject agreement. Where an affected Resolution or Recommended Practice has previously been exempted from Condition #2 by Department action, the cover pages include the appropriate docket and order number. The cover pages include a summary to explain the nature and purpose of the subject amendments and/or agreements. Respectfully submitted, /s/ Douglas Lavin Douglas Lavin Regional Vice President – North America International Air Transport Association Attorney-In-Fact - 2 - CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE A copy of this notice has been served this day by first class or priority mail on the following person: U.S. Department of Transportation Chief, Transportation, Energy & Agriculture Section Antitrust Division Department of Justice Washington, D.C. 20530 A copy of this notice has been sent this day by  to Kristen Simonds (Kristen.Simonds@dot.gov) and to Della Davis (Della.Davis@dot.gov) of the Department of Transportation. /s/ Douglas Lavin Douglas Lavin 25 July 2024 Date Served - 3 - Cargo Tariff Coordinating Conferences M E M O R A N D U M CTC COMP 0762 TO: Members Participating in Cargo Tariff Coordinating Conferences FROM: Cargo Tariffs Secretariat DATE: 25 July 2024 SUBJECT: Revalidation of Resolutions 001aa, 530, 550, 590 Dear Cargo Tariff Colleagues, This is to advise that Resolutions 001aa, 530, 550, 590 have a two-year validity and the current period of validity expires at the end of September 2024. These Resolutions and the industry rates corresponding to these resolutions have been revalidated for a further two-year period until 30 September 2026. We will be making further changes to the industry rates in the coming months to accommodate changes in the market requirements and currency adjustments. You are kindly reminded that IATA industry rates can be adjusted in accordance to resolution 116aa by submitting a filing request to cargotariffs@iata.org at any time. CTC Resolutions and rates are available on TACT Online: https://tact.iata.org/Account Best regards, Lucy Exell Manager, Cargo Industry Programs OSS Cargo Department International Air Transport Association, IATA Center, Route de l’Aéroport 33 P.O. Box 416, Geneva 15 Airport 1215, Switzerland. Tel +41 22 770 2525 www.iata.org 001 001 (cont’d) PERMANENT EFFECTIVENESS RESOLUTION d) until 30 days after the Secretary receives notices from - CARGO - any TC Member given in accordance with Paragraph 9) herein, stating its intention that a Resolution shall cease to be effective CTC1(02)001 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(02)001 (amended) e) until the expiry date CTC3(02)001 (amended) Type A CTC12(02)001 (amended) 6) where a government specifically disapproves a CTC23(02)001 (amended) Resolution or a portion thereof, Paragraph 8) shall be CTC31(02)001 (amended) applicable CTC123(02)001 (amended) 7) where a government does not specifically disapprove a RESOLVED that, Resolution but imposes a condition or change or requirement or authorisation affecting the provisions, 1) the filing period and effectiveness and expiry dates of , effectiveness or applicability of any Resolutions adopted in accordance with the Provisions Resolution(s) as agreed by the Tariff Conferences, for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences shall be Paragraph 9) shall be applicable those specified on each such Resolution 8) with respect to each Resolution shown as FILING AND APPROVAL a) Type 'A', disapproval by a government authority of a 2) each TC Member shall notify the Secretary as to whether Resolution or a portion thereof shall be considered the filing or approval of Resolutions is required by the disapproval of the entire Resolution government authorities of its country and shall accomplish any necessary filing with the appropriate b) Type 'A', disapproval by a government authority of a government authorities prior to the commencement of the Resolution which amends a currently effective filing period; provided that TC Members not party to a indefinite Resolution shall be considered disapproval limited agreement, but whose country is in the limited of the amending Resolution agreement, may notify the Secretariat that they will not file such agreement with their authorities. The Secretariat c) Type 'A', disapproval by a government authority of a will then advise all carriers that the national carrier is not Resolution which amends and revalidates a currently filing the agreement and it will be the responsibility of the effective Resolution shall be considered as carriers party to that agreement to make the filing disapproval only of the amendment(s) and the Resolution which it was intended to amend shall be 3) each TC Member shall see that the Secretary is promptly considered as revalidated unless the government notified of any extension of the filing period, approval or specifically withdraws its approval of the currently disapproval by such TC Member's government effective Resolution authorities, and the Secretary shall forthwith inform all TC Members thereof d) Type 'A', disapproval by a government authority of a portion of an amending Resolution and approval of EFFECTIVENESS the balance of the Resolution with a condition or change or requirement or authorisation affecting the 4) immediately following the filing period or any government provisions, , effectiveness or applicability of extension thereof, the Secretary shall inform all TC such Resolution as agreed by the Tariff Conferences Members specifying the effective date shall be resolved by the TC Member(s) under Paragraph 9) of this Resolution 5) each Resolution not disapproved by the appropriate government authorities shall remain in effect until the e) Type 'AA', disapproval by a government authority of a earliest of the following Resolution or a portion thereof shall be considered disapproval of the entire Resolution provided that any a) 180 days after a TC Member, at any regularly 001 pre-existent Resolution which is to be replaced by scheduled meeting of a Tariff Conference authorised a Type 'AA' Resolution, shall be automatically to act upon the type of Resolution a proposal for revalidated until such Type 'AA' Resolution becomes rescission having been duly placed on the agenda, effective, or 180 days after the next meeting of the rescinds its approval; provided that a Resolution may Tariff Conference, whichever is earlier be rescinded in whole but not in part f) Type 'B', disapproval by any government authority of b) until it shall be effectively modified or rescinded by the a portion shall be considered as rendering only that Tariff Conference portion of the Resolution void c) until a government disapproves or a government g) Type 'B', but including one or more paragraphs approval has been withdrawn marked Type 'A', disapproval of all or any portion of such Type 'A' paragraphs shall be considered as rendering the entire Resolution void 1 001 (cont’d) 001 (cont’d) 9) where either be subject to any Special Effectiveness (Tie-In) Resolution, unless a TC Member notifies the a government (other than by a government requirement Secretary within 30 days from the date of circulation or authorisation as described in Subparagraphs 2)b), 3)a) of the notification by the Secretary that such action by or 3)b) of Resolution 200g or by a government the government concerned shall apply to the requirement that TC Members file notices or submit Resolution without restriction copies of filings) either at the time of approval of any Resolution(s), or subsequently, imposes a condition or ANNOUNCEMENT, ADVERTISING AND SALES change or requirement or authorisation affecting the provisions, , effectiveness or applicability of any 12) no TC Member shall announce to the public or divulge to Resolution(s), as agreed by the Tariff Conference(s) Agents any changes resulting from a Tariff Conference Resolution (other than from a Resolution agreed by mail or vote) until 72 hours after the termination of the Tariff Conference meeting unless another such time interval is a government disapproves any cargo rate(s), charge(s) or established by the Tariff Conference Chairman; provided condition(s) attached to such cargo rate(s) or charge(s) that this shall not preclude any TC Member from shown as Type B amplifying (other than by paid advertisement) the Tariff Conference press release at any time thereafter; provided the following shall apply further that any such announcement or divulgement shall be qualified by the words 'subject to government a) the Secretary shall notify all TC Members of the action approval', until the date on which the Secretary circulates of such government notice to all TC Members that all necessary government approvals have been received b) any TC Member may, within 30 days from the date of such notification, submit a written notice to the 13) on and after commencement of the filing period, TC Secretary stating its intention that such Resolution(s) Members may provide paid advertisements to the public shall not come into effect (or shall cease to be provided that any such advertisement shall be qualified effective) by the words 'subject to government approval', until the date on which the Secretary circulates notice to all TC c) if the Secretary receives such notice of intention Members that all necessary government approvals have within such 30 day period, such Resolution(s) shall been received not come into effect, or if already in effect, shall cease to be effective 30 days after receipt of such notice of 14) on and from a date to be fixed by the Tariff Conferences intention by the Secretary; provided that any pre- after commencement of the filing period and until existent Resolution which is to be replaced by a Type voidance or effectiveness of the Resolutions, TC 'AA' Resolution shall be automatically revalidated until Members may only undertake sales of transportation to such Type 'AA' Resolution becomes effective or 180 be commenced on or after the intended effective date of days after the next meeting of the Tariff Conference, such Resolutions at the cargo rates and charges resulting whichever is earlier from such Resolutions; provided that such sales shall be qualified, until all necessary government approvals have d) if the Secretary does not receive such notice of been received, by the words 'subject to government intention within such 30 day period, the action of such approval' government shall thereafter be deemed legally binding in accordance with its  15) no TC Member shall divulge information about, or take action on, receipt of all necessary government approvals 10) where a government alters the level of a cargo rate(s) or prior to circulation by the Secretary to TC Members of charge(s) set forth in a specified cargo rate(s) or formal notice thereof charge(s) Resolution, such alteration shall be deemed a disapproval by that government of the cargo rate(s) and 16) upon the coming into effect hereof, every unexpired charge(s) concerned. This shall not be construed, Resolution shall be governed by the  of this however, as precluding a TC Member from exercising its Resolution and the effectiveness Resolutions originally rights provided for in Paragraph 9) hereof adopted shall forthwith expire; provided that the expiry date and type specified in the original effectiveness shall 11) a) the term 'government(s)' as used in the preceding be retained in respect of such unexpired Resolutions Paragraphs shall be deemed to be the government(s) referred to in Paragraph 2) hereof b) where due to action of any other government a TC Member is prevented from putting into effect the  of any Resolution, such TC Member shall notify the Secretary. The effect of such action shall be subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 8), 9) and 10) hereof, and shall be restricted to the country of the government concerned and shall not 2 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS BELGIUM ALGERIA Belgian carriers will continue to grant free and/or reduced passenger and/or cargo transportation in accordance with All government orders issued in a foreign country, authorising Belgian Government Orders one or more foreign air carriers operating from that country to Algeria to modify IATA regulations relating to tariffs and  for the transportation of cargo, must be submitted to Belgian carriers are not authorised to apply Orders from foreign the Civil Aviation Authority of Algeria for prior approval when Governments unless prior approval has been obtained from the transportation to, from, and/or via Algeria is involved. (12.6.85) Belgian Government AUSTRALIA Should foreign Government Orders authorise the amendment or the introduction of tariffs,  of carriage or commercial Approval by the Australian Government of IATA Resolutions practices for passenger or cargo transportation at  does not relieve airlines from their obligations under relevant made more liberal than those agreed by IATA, or those in force Bilateral Air Transport Agreements and the Australian National during an open rate situation, such Government Orders shall not Regulations from submitting their tariff of charges for the be implemented unless they are duly filed by the interested carriage of cargo on their services to the Director General of carriers with the Civil Aeronautics Administration and formally Civil Aviation for approval approved by the Administration. Prior approval shall be required for any Government Order, or any direct fare/rate or combination of fare/rate transportation to, from or via Belgium AUSTRIA 1. The attention of the Austrian aeronautical authorities has In order to remain competitive, Belgian carriers are authorised been drawn to the fact that other Governments are issuing to match any  made more liberal by virtue of foreign directives to certain air carriers requesting them to apply Government Orders, and/or any fare/rate approved by foreign rates and  different from those agreed within Governments IATA. In order to avoid that by such actions the interests of Austrian Airlines may be unduly affected, Austrian Airlines are hereby authorised to apply all rates and  This reservation shall not apply to individual passenger or cargo introduced by directives of other Governments transportation. (8.8.77) 2. a. Any foreign Government Order to a foreign air carrier authorising a deviation from IATA Resolutions The Belgian authorities do not agree that part or the whole of regarding rates or , shall be filed with the any fare structure to/from Belgium be restricted to third and Austrian aeronautical authority, when it involves fourth freedom operators. (9.4.79) transportation from/to or via Austria b. These Government Orders shall not come into effect without the approval of the Austrian aeronautical authority CANADA c. Government Orders concerning individual transportation of persons or property are excluded The Canadian Transportation Agency will accept tariff filings from this reservation reflecting the provisions of IATA Resolutions insofar as they apply to traffic to or from Canada without prejudice to any d. In accordance with our directive Z1. 39.252/42-1/7- change that might be deemed necessary or desirable by the 1971 of 21 July 1971, any rates or  filed by said Agency upon investigation or complaint at any time other carriers and approved by this Ministry may also be applied by Austrian Airlines e. This order is effective immediately and shall apply until further notice. (28.6.72) 3 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) CANADA (cont’d) CHINA (cont’d) Rates, charges and  or practices relating thereto Hong Kong - change of status from 1 July 1997 (cont’d) established pursuant to orders,  or reservations of a foreign Government shall not be applicable in respect of traffic 5. Currency to or from Canada until prior authority has been granted in a. as the legal tender of China, CNY is in circulation in writing by, and appropriate tariffs have been filed with, the the mainland of China. As the local currency for Hong Canadian Transportation Agency Kong SAR, HKD is in circulation in Hong Kong SAR. The information and rules for CNY and HKD in Subject to obtaining the prior authority of the Agency, Air Resolution 024d/033d and Resolution 024e/033e are Carriers licensed by the Agency may establish rates, charges maintained. and  or practices for traffic to or from Canada to be competitive with rates, charges and  or practices b. i. travel commencing in the mainland of China while established pursuant to an Order from a foreign Government tickets sold in Hong Kong SAR is considered as a transaction having taken place outside of mainland It is noted that certain Resolutions make use of the  China 'Bahamas Islands', 'Caribbean' or 'Caribbean Area' or 'Islands in the Caribbean', sometimes including or excluding Bermuda ii. travel commencing in Hong Kong SAR while and/or Bahamas and/or Venezuela, etc. These  may be tickets sold in the mainland of China is considered properly applied in connection with tariff publications only if as a transaction having taken place outside of fully defined in such tariff publications Hong Kong SAR 6. Travel between the mainland of China and Hong Kong CHINA SAR is considered as “special administrative domestic operation” and fares between Hong Kong SAR and the Hong Kong - change of status from 1 July 1997 mainland of China are considered as “special administrative domestic fares“. IATA fare construction 1. According to the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special rules are still applicable to fares between Hong Kong Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China SAR and the mainland of China. (Hong Kong SAR), the policy of one country, two systems has been adopted, which means that two currencies, 7. IATA Resolutions 807, 810c, 810z regarding sales agents namely Yuan Renminbi (CNY) and Hong Kong dollar in the mainland of China are not applicable in Hong Kong (HKD) will be retained for the mainland of China and SAR. Hong Kong SAR, respectively, after 1 July 1997. Macao - change of status from 20 December 1999 2. Traffic Rights With regard to the application of 3rd/4th or other freedom 1. According to the Basic Law of the Macao Special traffic rights, concerning traffic involving Hong Kong SAR, Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China the mainland of China and foreign countries, the present (Macao SAR), the policy of one country, two systems has IATA practice in this region shall remain unchanged until been adopted, which means that two currencies, namely the Government of China advises its new position. Yuan Renminbi (CNY) and Macao pataca (MOP) will be retained for the mainland of China and Macao SAR, 3. Filing Requirements respectively, after 20 December 1999. The tariff approval process will remain unchanged until further notice. 2. Traffic Rights With regard to the application of 3rd/4th or other freedom 4. Tariff Rules and Regulations traffic rights, concerning traffic involving Macao SAR, the The current tariff rules and regulations for the mainland of mainland of China and foreign countries, the present China and Hong Kong SAR are retained IATA practice in this region shall remain unchanged until the Government of China advises its new position. i. fare construction rules (Resolution 011 and 017 series) 3. Filing Requirements ii. various charges (Resolution 210) The tariff approval process will remain unchanged until iii. baggage rules (Resolution 300/301) further notice. iv. various discounts (Resolutions 092/087aa) v. special fares Resolutions for various areas 4 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) CHINA (cont’d) CROATIA Macao - change of status from 20 December 1999 (cont’d) Any foreign Government order to a foreign carrier authorising a deviation from IATA Resolutions, regarding fares and 4. Tariff Rules and Regulations  of transport or replacing IATA Resolutions in case of The current tariff rules and regulations for the mainland of lack of IATA agreement, shall not be valid for transportation China and Macao SAR are retained from, to or via Croatia, without prior approval by the Ministry of Maritime Affairs, Transport and Communications–Department i. fare construction rules (Resolution 011 and 017 of Civil Aviation series) ii. various charges (Resolution 210) iii. baggage rules (Resolution 300/301) In case of other Government directive to IATA air carriers iv. various discounts (Resolutions 092/087aa) requesting them to apply fares and  different from v. special fares Resolutions for various areas those agreed within IATA, Croatia Airlines as an operating carrier from/to Croatia may apply fares and  5. Currency introduced by other carriers and/or Governments for travel a. as the legal tender of China, CNY is in circulation in from/to or via Croatia the mainland of China. As the local currency for Macao SAR, MOP is in circulation in Macao SAR. The information and rules for CNY and MOP in Resolution Government orders concerning individual transportation of 024d/033d and Resolution 024e/033e are maintained. persons or properties are excluded from this reservation. (27.1.98) b. i. travel commencing in the mainland of China while tickets sold in Macao SAR is considered as a transaction having taken place outside of the mainland China ii. travel commencing in Macao SAR while tickets CUBA sold in the mainland of China is considered as a as a transaction having taken place outside of the For sales of transportation originating in Cuba, the mainland China effectiveness of rates shall apply 15 days after the date of effectiveness notified by IATA. (9.6.80) 6. Travel between the mainland of China and Macao SAR is considered as “special administrative domestic operation” and fares between Macao SAR and the mainland of China are considered as “special administrative domestic fares“. IATA fare construction rules are still applicable to fares between Macao SAR and the mainland of China. 7. IATA Resolutions 807, 810c, 810z regarding sales agents in the mainland of China are not applicable in Macao SAR. 5 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) CZECH REPUBLIC FRANCE Ministry of Transport - Civil Aviation Administration will require 1. Having noticed that many Governments in approving tariff filings reflecting provisions of IATA Resolutions insofar as Resolutions are placing  or reservations which they apply to traffic to/from or via Czech Republic without substantially change the intent of the Resolutions, it is to prejudice to any change that might be deemed necessary or be understood that the French Government shall not desirable by the said Administration upon investigation or automatically be bound by such  or complaint at any time reservations especially those which are issued by Governments not directly concerned with the type of Rates, charges and  or practices relating thereto traffic involved established pursuant to orders,  or reservations of a foreign government shall not be applicable to traffic to/from or 2. The French Government reserves the right to defer until via Czech Republic until appropriate tariffs have been filed with the subsequent corresponding tourist season, that part of and prior approval has been granted in writing by the Ministry a tariff increase adopted at an IATA Tariff Coordinating of Transport - Civil Aviation Administration Conference which exceeds the maximum tariff agreed by the professional travel organisations and the carriers at Czech Airlines is not entitled to accept orders from any foreign the beginning of each season and approved by the Government unless prior written approval shall have been Government, that is 15 May for the winter and 15 granted by the Civil Aviation Administration October for the summer. This measure is equally valid for changes to tariff structures occurring after the above- Subject to obtaining prior authority in writing from Ministry of mentioned dates; it being understood that changes to Transport - Civil Aviation Administration, Czech Airlines may tariff structures means cancellation of IT or GIT fares or establish rates, charges and  or practices for traffic significant changes to their  of application. to/from or via Czech Republic to be competitive with rates and (5.10.81)  or practices established pursuant to order, condition or reservation issued by a foreign government. (11.5.93) 3. a. Tariffs and  established by the French EGYPT (Arab Republic of Egypt) Government shall be applied by a foreign airline to and from France only after receipt of written Should any IATA Resolutions be made more liberal by means authorisation addressed to that airline by the Direction of any reservations,  or orders imposed or issued by Générale de l'Aviation Civile any government in favour of an airline, then such reservations,  and orders shall also apply on Egyptair b. Tariffs,  and practices applicable to transportation to/from France, on a direct or indirect If other rates and/or  less than those agreed upon at route, established by a foreign government, must any IATA Traffic Conference are filed and introduced by any receive approval from the French Government, and Member to any of the Middle East commonrated points as a shall be applied by a foreign airline only after receipt result of a Government Order or reservation presently in of written authorisation from the Direction Générale de existence or shall be issued in future, these lower rates and/or l'Aviation Civile, and provided the same tariffs,  related thereto shall automatically apply to all Arab  and practices are applied by the national commonrated points carriers c. The application of such Government Orders by a ETHIOPIA foreign airline in absence of authorisation shall be in violation of French law Should any IATA Resolutions be made more liberal by means of any reservations,  or orders imposed or issued by d. The reservation mentioned in Paragraphs a. and b. any Government in favour of an airline, then such reservations, will not apply to individual flights or shipments.  and orders shall also optionally apply in favour of However, the national carriers will not be permitted to Ethiopian Airlines, S.C. (22.1.74) accept orders from a foreign government without prior approval by the Direction Générale de l'Aviation Civile. (15.9.86) 6 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GERMANY HUNGARY 1. a. After rewording of IATA Resolution 200g Lufthansa The Hungarian Ministry of Transport has placed the following shall still be entitled to grant free or reduced rate general reservation on Resolutions concerning fares and rates transportation pursuant to orders of the Government of Germany or any government of a country which is Any foreign Government order to a foreign carrier authorising a served by Lufthansa. Such government orders must deviation from IATA Resolutions regarding fares, rates and be in writing and bear the signature of a government  of transport shall not be valid for transportation from, official authorised to issue such orders ('authorised' in to or via Hungary without prior approval by the Ministry of the meaning of this reservation is only the Director Transport General of Civil Aviation and the Deputy Director General of Civil Aviation) Government orders concerning a specified individual journey or shipment are excluded from this reservation b. Lufthansa is not entitled to accept orders of any foreign government without approval by the German MALEV Hungarian Airlines is not entitled to accept orders of Ministry of Transport any foreign government without approval by the Hungarian Ministry of Transport 2. a. In case of air transportation from/to Germany rates and governing  issued by a foreign Any fares, rates or  filed by other carriers and government to airlines of their country shall not be approved by the Hungarian Ministry of Transport may also be applied either directly or by combination without prior applied by MALEV Hungarian Airlines. (20.11.87) approval by the German Ministry of Transport b. The reservation as outlined in 2.a. above is not INDIA applicable to a specified individual journey or shipment 1. a. Should any International Air Transport Association Resolution be made more liberal by means of any 3. Where rates or governing  are established reservations,  or orders imposed or issued pursuant to the order, directive, authorisation, or by any Government in favour of an airline, then such reservation of a foreign government for application by one reservations,  and orders shall apply in or more air carriers, Lufthansa is authorised to apply the favour of Air-India unless otherwise directed by the same rates or . (10.8.73, 3.4.81) Government of India b. Any Government directive authorising a deviation GREECE from IATA Resolutions shall be filed by the carrier concerned with the Government of India through Air- We consider IATA Resolution 200g as having a binding effect India when transportation is to/from or via India. Such for air transportation from, to and through Greece Government directives shall not be implemented unless the prior approval of the Government of India Each and every Order issued to Olympic Airways or other has been obtained thereto, provided, however, that airlines which operate to, from and through Greece shall have prior approval of the Government of India need not be a binding effect and shall be applied as issued, provided it is obtained to free or reduced transportation granted accepted by their respective Governments pursuant to a directive issued for a specified individual journey Any agreement reached between Airlines within IATA referring to /practices/charges/rates etc. related to air cargo c. Any rate, practice or concession approved by the transportation to/from or via Greece shall be filed with the Civil Government of India on the basis of a directive Aviation Authority for prior approval and will be applicable only referred to in (b) above may also be applied by Air- if approved by the Greek Authorities. (16.10.90) India and Indian Airlines Carriers operating scheduled services to/from Greece must d. The above provisions apply to all future Government obtain the approval of Greek Authorities before application of directives as well as to those now in effect. (25.8.72) any rate/condition/practice deviating from those approved by Greek CAA and affecting Greece. (16.10.90) 2. IATA Cargo Resolutions, otherwise applicable to traffic within the area of TC3, shall not apply to transportation wholly between points in India on the one hand and points in Bangladesh on the other. (10.9.73) 3. Rates, charges and  in respect of cargo transportation from India shall come into effect from either the declared effectiveness date by IATA or on the 16th day after the date of notice of effectiveness given by IATA, whichever is later. (23.4.79) 7 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) INDONESIA IRAQ (cont’d) Should any IATA Resolution be made more liberal by means of 4. Any Government directive authorising a deviation from any reservation, condition or order imposed or issued by any IATA Resolution shall be filed with the Government of Government, in favour of an airline, then such reservation, Iraq, through Iraqi Airways, when transportation is to/from condition or order shall also apply in favour of P.N. Garuda or via Iraq. Such Government directives shall not be Indonesian Airways, unless otherwise directed by the implemented unless the prior approval of the Government Government of Indonesia of Iraq has been obtained thereto, provided that this is not applicable to a specified individual journey. Furthermore, Iraqi Airways is not entitled to accept orders from any IRAQ foreign Government without the approval of the Iraqi Government 1. a. Iraqi Airways is authorised to match in the area where it operates, particularly 5. Above reservations shall apply to all future Government directives as well as to those now in effect. (16.9.75) i. within the Middle East 6. Due to the short notice period for applying new changes ii. to/from the Middle East in cargo rates and regulations and in order to facilitate sales and travel procedures, all cargo documents which iii. between points other than the Middle East area, were issued 15 days before the date of effectiveness will continue being effective without any change during 15 all rates and  that have already been days after the date of effectiveness; also, all documents introduced or which will be introduced in the future, by issued 10 days after the date of effectiveness of changes any carrier to cargo rates, expenses and regulations, may be accepted without collecting the difference or applying the b. All rates and  applied or which will be amendments. (18.10.77) applied to/from Arab commonrated points will be extended to Baghdad at add-ons of USD16.30 for one way and USD32.60 for return journey ISRAEL c. Iraqi Airways may apply any accounts procedure, Any Government Order for reduced transportation issued by when necessary, to cover the way to match rates and the Israel Government to El Al Israel Airlines and/or to other charges and/or , by any carrier carriers operating to and from Israel, which requires filing with IATA (except Government business), will be deemed to be a 2. The Iraqi Government, having studied all Resolutions Government Order to any one and to all carriers permitted to adopted by IATA continues its reservation on Resolution operate to and from Israel, enabling them to match the reduced 001, on condition that in the absence of Resolution 200g rates and  contained in such an Order neither Iraqi Airways is prohibited from granting free or reduced rate transportation pursuant to a requirement of Any Government Directive or Order shall not be valid for its Government or of the Government of a country into transportation from/to or via Israel without the prior approval of which it operates, nor shall any foreign carrier operating the Director, Department of Civil Aviation to/from Iraq be prohibited from granting free or reduced rate transportation pursuant to a requirement of the Iraqi El Al Israel Airlines is entitled to match or establish competitive Government rates,  and provisions resulting from any Government action, such as reservations or  placed 3. The Resolutions considered are those adopted by IATA on IATA Resolutions, or orders, directives, requirements, and no account has been taken of any  or authorisations, etc. issued in favour of any airline or airlines. reservations made by other Governments in approving (13.12.72) the Resolutions. Accordingly Iraqi Government reserves the right to withdraw or condition further its approval of the Resolutions if it appears that the decisions of other Governments have substantially changed the meaning of the Resolutions 8 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) ITALY JAPAN 1. a. Any Government directives, procedures or  Japan Air Lines Company Ltd. is entitled to establish applicable to transportation from/to/via Italy, competitive rates, where special rates are established pursuant authorising a deviation from IATA Resolutions or to the order of a foreign government. (14.9.71) replacing them in case of lack of an IATA agreement, shall be submitted for study to the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation - Director General of Civil JORDAN Aviation, and will only come into effect after this Ministry has given its approval If any IATA Resolutions were made or may be made in the future more liberal in favour of a Member by means of any b. Rates, practices and  established by the reservations,  or orders imposed or issued by any Italian Government, or established by a foreign Government, then Royal Jordanian shall have the right to Government and approved by the Italian Government, make use of such reservations,  and orders may be applied by a foreign airline from/to/via Italy upon its written request fully justified and only after If any IATA Resolutions were made or may be made in the receipt of written authorisation addressed to that future more liberal in favour of a Member by means of any airline by the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation reservations,  or orders imposed or issued by any Government for transportation from and/or to any of the Middle c. All foreign airlines applying such orders before the East Commonrated Points, then such reservations,  date of issuance of this reservation must send a list of or orders may be applied by Royal Jordanian for transportation them to the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation - from and/or to that point or any other Middle East Director General of Civil Aviation within 30 days from Commonrated Point this notice. As from 1 January 1978, only those airlines having received written authorisation from this In the absence of IATA Resolution 200g, Royal Jordanian shall Ministry may continue to apply these orders, continue to provide free or reduced rate transportation, according to the  contained in the relevant pursuant to directives from this Government or from the approval. In the absence of such authorisation, the Governments of countries into which it operates application of Government orders for transportation from/to/via Italy after 1 January 1978, will be in violation to this reservation KUWAIT d. Government Orders concerning individual For some time past, it has come to the attention of the transportation of persons or properties are excluded Government of Kuwait that certain Governments are adopting from this reservation a policy of issuing directives to some airlines to lower the IATA specified rates and charges over certain sectors or to absolve e. Any rate, practice or condition approved by this them from adhering to the provisions of certain IATA Ministry may be applied by the Italian flag carrier. Resolutions. Since this policy of other Governments tends to (7.10.77) make rules more liberal to one party than to another, Kuwait Airways is hereby directed to benefit from the effect of the 2. IATA Resolutions covering rates, charges and procedures directives referred to above, whenever same affects the applicable to cargo transportation from Italy may come interests of Kuwait Airways. (6.8.75) into effect on the date established by IATA, provided that it is not earlier than 15 days after the date of Some air carriers operating into Kuwait are applying reduced announcement of effectiveness made by IATA. This rate transportation as per government directives from their directive shall apply in all instances except otherwise governments without filing such rates with the Civil Aviation specifically established by the Italian Government Directorate of Kuwait. As this practice is considered a violation approving IATA agreements. (18.10.77) of the governing regulations that require obtaining the approval from the government of the country to/from which such rates 3. a. Any Tariff Coordinating Agreement reached in IATA are applied, the following instructions are to be observed and covering transportation to/from and through Italy needs to be formally approved by Italian Authorities. a. Strict adherence to rates applied by IATA, such rate being (14.10.88) filed by Kuwait Airways Corp. with the Civil Aviation Directorate of Kuwait b. The Ministry of Transport will exercise its authority to approve or disapprove any IATA Tariff Coordinating Agreement for traffic via Italy only when, in its judgement, important elements of substantial interest for the Italian market are involved. (9.3.89) 9 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) NETHERLANDS (cont’d) KUWAIT (cont’d) b. Any other rates to be introduced or those based on The national carrier is not entitled to accept orders from any government directives for transportation to/from Kuwait foreign government without the specific approval of the should be filed with the Civil Aviation Directorate of Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities with the exception of Kuwait, either directly or through Kuwait Airways Corp. for orders concerning individual transportation of persons or approval prior to application of such rates property. (15.1.81) Non-adherence to the above instructions will result in appropriate measures being taken against the violating air NEW ZEALAND carrier. (26.6.79) It must be clearly understood that approval by the New Zealand Government of IATA Resolutions does not exempt MALAWI operators from their individual obligations to file proposed rates, charges and rates of, and bases of calculating Nothing in any IATA Resolutions shall prohibit Air Malawi commission (which last term shall include any rewards, Limited from granting free or reduced fare or rate rebates, discounts, gifts, prizes or any other inducements) and transportation pursuant to a requirement of the Government of to apply for approval under the  of a licence issued under the Republic of Malawi or of any Government of a country into the provisions of an Air Transport Agreement and any New which it operates Zealand Acts and Regulations in force The foregoing requirement equally applies to any carrier operating services to/from the Republic of Malawi PAKISTAN Should any International Air Transport Association Resolution Should any International Air Transport Association Resolution be made more liberal by means of any reservation, condition or be made more liberal by means of any reservations,  order imposed or issued by any Government, in favour of an or orders imposed or issued by any Government in favour of airline, then such reservation, condition or order shall also an airline, then such reservations,  and orders shall apply in favour of Air Malawi Limited, unless otherwise directed also apply in favour of Pakistan International Airlines by the Government of the Republic of Malawi. Furthermore, all such requirements affecting the air services to/from the Republic of Malawi (except those concerning a special Any Government directive authorising a deviation from IATA individual journey or shipment) shall be submitted by Members Resolutions shall be filed by the carrier concerned with the to Air Malawi Limited for filing with the Government of the Director General Civil Aviation of Pakistan through the Republic of Malawi for prior specific approval, and will be Pakistan International Airlines when transportation is to/from or applicable only if approved and in accordance with any  via Pakistan. Such government directives shall not be contained in such approval implemented unless the prior approval of the Director General Civil Aviation of Pakistan has been obtained thereto. (7.10.75) NETHERLANDS POLAND The Netherlands Government continues its approval of No Government Order shall be valid for transportation to/from Resolutions 001 and 200g on the condition that fares, rates, or via Poland without the prior approval of the Civil Aviation practices and concessions concerning transportation to/from Authorities of Poland. Government Orders concerning a the Netherlands on more favourable  than those in specified individual journey or shipment are excluded from this effect under the  of this or any other Resolution of IATA, reservation not requested for by the Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities (except those concerning individual transportation of persons Polish air carriers are authorised to apply competitive fares, or property) shall be submitted by Members to the prior specific rates,  and provisions resulting from any approval of Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities and will be Government action, such as reservation or condition placed on applicable only if so approved and according to the  IATA Resolution, or order, requirement, authorisation, etc. contained in such approval issued in favour of one or more air carriers if such an action affects air traffic to/from or via Poland. (29.07.03) The Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities reserve the right to extend the applicability to the Netherlands flag carriers of any SAUDI ARABIA fare, rate, practice and concession filed for the aforementioned approval according to the  of the present reservation Should any International Air Transport Association Resolution be made more liberal by means of any reservations,  or orders imposed or issued by any Government in favour of an airline, then such reservations,  and orders shall, upon request by Saudi Arabian Airlines, also apply in favour of Saudi Arabian Airlines 10 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) SAUDI ARABIA (cont’d) SWITZERLAND (cont’d) Any Government directive authorising a deviation from IATA may be made in cases of ad hoc changes caused by Resolutions shall be filed by the carrier concerned with the unforeseen and unexpected cost developments. (25.5.76) Civil Aviation Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia through the Saudi Arabian Airlines Corporation when transportation is In order to retain full competitiveness, Swiss International to/from or via Saudi Arabia. Such Government directive shall Airlines are herewith entitled to postpone the implementation of not be implemented unless prior approval of the Saudi any IATA Cargo agreement declared effective by IATA until Government has been obtained thereto. Government orders such time when neighbouring countries will apply those IATA concerning a specified individual journey or shipment are agreements. (18.12.79) excluded from this reservation Saudi Arabian Airlines are not entitled to accept orders from TÜRKIYE any Foreign Government unless prior approval has been obtained from the Saudi Civil Aviation Authority Any foreign government order to a foreign air carrier authorising a deviation from IATA Resolutions regarding rates The above provisions shall apply to all future authorisations or and , shall be filed by the carrier concerned with the directives issued by any Government as well as to those Turkish Government through Turk Hava Yollari A.O. when it already issued and are currently in effect. (6.11.78) involves transportation to/from or via Turkey except those concerning a specified individual journey. These government orders mentioned above shall not come into effect unless the SLOVENIA prior specific approval of the Turkish Government has been obtained thereto and will be applicable only if approved and in accordance with any  contained in such approval Any foreign Government order to a foreign carrier authorising a deviation from IATA Resolutions, regarding fares and Any rates or  filed by other carriers and approved by  of transport or replacing IATA Resolutions in case of the Turkish Government may also be applied by Turk Hava lack of IATA agreement, shall not be valid for transportation Yollari A.O. (6.4.73) from, to or via Slovenia, without prior approval by the CAA of Slovenia UNITED KINGDOM In case of other Government directive to IATA air carriers requesting them to apply fares and  different from Resolutions herein considered are those adopted by IATA those agreed within IATA, Adria Airways as an operating which has not taken account of any  or reservations carrier from/to Slovenia may apply all fares and  made by other Governments in approving the Resolutions. introduced by other carriers and/or Governments for travel Accordingly, Her Majesty's Government (acting by the Civil from/to or via Slovenia Aviation Authority) reserves the right to withdraw its approval or to impose  or changes thereto or to disapprove a portion of any Resolution if it appears that decisions of other Government orders concerning individual transportation of governments have substantially changed the meaning of any persons or properties are excluded from this reservation. Resolution herein (16.12.94) Carriers operating scheduled services to and from the United SWITZERLAND Kingdom and British territories overseas must obtain the specific approval of Her Majesty's Government before any Any foreign Government order to a foreign carrier authorising a revised fare, rate, condition or practice which affects the United deviation from IATA Resolutions regarding rates and Kingdom or British territories overseas is introduced. This  of transport shall not be valid for transportation from, approval shall be sought by filing all such revisions with the to or via Switzerland without prior approval by the Federal Air Civil Aviation Authority and any approval shall not, unless Office. Furthermore, Swiss International Airlines are not expressly stated otherwise, affect the continuing application of entitled to accept orders from any foreign Government without  already imposed by the Authority by way of previous the approval of the Federal Air Office. Government orders decisions. (25.8.88) concerning a specified individual journey or shipment are excluded from this reservation The Swiss Federal Air Office will in future place a reservation on individual Resolutions to the extent that rates, charges and  of transport for cargo from Switzerland are to come into effect on the date established by IATA but not earlier than 15 days after IATA has given notice of an effectiveness date. This procedure will apply to normal and regular commercial amendments/changes to the IATA Resolutions. Exceptions 11 001 001 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) UNITED STATES UNITED STATES (cont’d) Order 68-7-55 Order 71-4-103 1. Approval of any Resolution shall not be deemed approval Where special fares or rates are established pursuant to the of the application to such Resolution of any other order of a foreign Government, involving air transportation the Resolution except to the extent permitted by any approval cost of which is not paid for by that Government, US carriers of such other Resolution are authorised to establish competitive fares for on-line services and for connecting services provided with other 2. Approval of any effectiveness Resolution is limited to the carriers extent that it provides effective dates for other approved Resolutions Order 83-1-116 3. Approval of any Resolution shall be subject to the Notwithstanding the provisions of any other IATA Resolutions, condition that US air carrier Members of IATA file with the all rates in foreign air transportation as defined by the Act may Board, at the time of circulation of Members, copies of all be combined with any other rates provided that the shipper notices rescinding or amending any of the provisions or meets all  affixed to use of the rates modifying the period of effectiveness of any Resolution under the provisions of any Resolution or portion thereof Order 90-7-26 which permits such rescission, amendment or modification No IATA Resolution shall establish or apply  for engaging in price leadership that differ among carriers or their 4. Approval of any amending or revalidating Resolution shall services in any market not affect the applicability of any condition previously appended to the approval of the Resolution being amended or revalidated ZAMBIA 5. Nothing in an order approving a Resolution shall be Should any International Air Transport Association's Resolution construed as waiving any provision of the Board's be made more liberal by means of any reservation, condition or Economic Regulations relating to the construction, order modified or issued by any Government in favour of an publication and filing of tariffs, unless expressly so airline or carrier, such reservation, condition or order shall also, provided upon filing and approval thereof by the interested Government(s), apply in favour of the national carrier of the 6. No IATA Resolutions shall apply or be binding upon a US Republic of Zambia unless otherwise directed by the air carrier Member of IATA with respect to foreign air Government of the Republic of Zambia. (13.7.77) transportation which involves only a segment of such United States air carrier between a place in any State of the United States, or the District of Columbia, and a place in any other State of the United States, or the District of Columbia; or between places in the same territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia 12 001a 001aa GENERAL ENABLING RESOLUTION SPECIAL APPLICABILITY RESOLUTION ALLIANCE COUNTRIES CTCCOMP(Mail 618)001a Expiry: Indefinite CTCCOMP(Mail 618)001aa Expiry: 30 September 2026 Type B CTCCOMP(Mail 707)001aa CTCCOMP(Mail 672)001aa Type B RESOLVED that, 1) if a TC Member considers that its commercial position is RESOLVED that, Resolutions 501aa, 508a, 530, 550, 590 for adversely affected such TC Member may advise the application between Alliance Countries are not binding on the Secretary of the circumstances requiring it to take one of following carriers the following actions Air France (Compagnie Nationale Air France) a) request a Special Conference of the area concerned Air New Zealand Ltd. be convened Alitalia - Linee Aeree Italiane S.p.A. American Airlines Inc. b) give notice of rescission of the applicable Austrian Airlines Resolution(s) and as a result Czech Airlines (Czech Airlines, Joint Stock Company) Delta Airlines Inc. i) the Resolution(s) shall cease to be effective/not Finnair come into effect one month after receipt of the Icelandair (Icelandair (Flugleidir H.F.)) notice Korean Air Lan Chile S.A. ii) any TC Member may request a Special Lufthansa Cargo AG Conference of the area concerned be convened Malaysia Airlines Royal Jordanian 2) the Secretary shall circulate such action to TC Members Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) accordingly SWISS United Airlines 3) if a meeting is called and there is no unanimous agreement, applicable Resolution(s) shall cease to be effective/not come into effect one month after the close of the meeting, or at a date prescribed by the meeting 4) notwithstanding Resolution 001, this Resolution shall not come into or remain in effect unless an IATA rates agreement for an area/sub-area comes into and remains in effect 5) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the ECAA or to/from Australia 13 004a 004ff TC2 RESTRICTION OF APPLICABILITY SPECIAL APPLICABILITY RESOLUTION OF RESOLUTIONS BETWEEN COUNTRIES IN THE ECAA CTC1(26)004a Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(41)004ff (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(37)004a CTC3(28)004a Type B Type A CTC12(Mail 244)004a CTC23(Mail 244)004a RESOLVED that, RESOLVED that, Resolutions of these Tariff Conferences that are applicable to transportation between countries in the ECAA 1) CTC1 Resolutions shall not apply to transportation wholly are for the facilitation of interlineable consignments. Nothing in between Canada and USA these Resolutions should be construed as obliging any TC Member to apply their provisions to non-interlineable 2) CTC2 Resolutions shall not apply to transportation wholly consignments or to incorporate their  into any within Scandinavia arrangement they may have with other airlines 3) CTC3 Resolutions shall not apply to transportation wholly between India and Nepal 14 006 006aa GOVERNMENT APPROVALS - CARGO SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE RESOLUTION CTC1(02)006 Expiry: Indefinite CTC1(44)006aa Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(02)006 CTC2(54)006aa CTC3(02)006 Type B CTC3(44)006aa Type B CTC12(02)006 CTC12(65)006aa CTC23(03)006 CTC23(54)006aa CTC31(02)006 CTC31(48)006aa CTC123(03)006 CTC123(58)006aa RESOLVED that, WHEREAS it is necessary that the IATA data base be speedily updated to provide accurate tariff levels for through-put to 1) it shall be the responsibility of each TC Member to industry systems ascertain by title and number which Resolutions must be acted upon by its government authorities and to ensure IT IS RESOLVED that, that the Secretary is promptly notified of any action or intention to act of such government authorities with 1) in the event of notification of Government action to respect to such Resolutions change cargo rates, add-ons and/or related charges, IATA may update the IATA conference agreed data base 2) if, prior to termination of the filing period, or any extension to reflect such changes. A copy of a Government thereof, the Secretary has not received from the document to this effect must support the notification appropriate TC Member notification as to particular Resolutions as provided above, it shall be considered that 2) upon receipt of such notification, the IATA data base will the government authority does not object to promulgation be amended accordingly on an industry basis and the by the Secretary of announcement and effective dates as information will be circulated to all TC Members provided in the effectiveness Resolutions relating thereto GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS UNITED STATES Order 12305 dated 31 March 1958 Air carrier members of IATA are not thereby relieved from observing any Board action whenever taken, intended action or notification of extension of the filing time properly transmitted to such members or their designated agents by the Board within the appropriate time period, or the  of Order E-9305, as amended by Order E-10992; (which orders extend approval of Agreement providing for establishment and conduct of regional Traffic Conferences of IATA) 15 007 008a RESOLUTION PREFIXES - CARGO EXTENSION OF EXPIRY DATE - CARGO - CTC1(02)007 Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(02)007 CTC1(02)008a Expiry: Indefinite CTC3(02)007 Type A CTC2(02)008a CTC12(02)007 CTC3(02)008a Type B CTC23(03)007 CTC12(02)008a CTC31(02)007 CTC23(03)008a CTC123(03)007 CTC31(02)008a CTC123(03)008a RESOLVED that, when in the body of a Tariff Conference Resolution another Resolution is referred to by its code RESOLVED that, number only (the number to the right of the parentheses), the Resolution referred to shall be the currently effective 1) where a Resolution of an individual or composite meeting Resolution (as amended) bearing the same code number and which has a given expiry date is intended to be replaced applicable to the same Tariff Conference as the Resolution by a substantially similar Resolution and where because which refers to it; provided that when the Resolution referred to of government delay or otherwise a time gap will exist is not a Tariff Conference Resolution, the Resolution shall be between such expiry date and the intended date of the currently effective Resolution (as amended) effectiveness of the replacing Resolution, the Secretary may extend the period of effectiveness of the original Resolution in order to avoid such time gap 2) nothing herein shall authorise extension of the effectiveness of a Resolution more than 60 days after the 008 date upon which it would otherwise have expired ADJUSTMENT OF EFFECTIVENESS DATES - CARGO - CTC1(02)008 Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(02)008 CTC3(02)008 Type B CTC12(02)008 CTC23(03)008 CTC31(02)008 CTC123(03)008 RESOLVED that, where government delay in acting on a Resolution or other government action or inaction affecting that Resolution necessitates a later effective date than that intended by the Tariff Conference, the Secretary, after receipt of all necessary government approvals, may prescribe an appropriate effective date; provided that this shall in no event be later than 30 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all necessary government approvals; provided further that where a Resolution intended to become effective in 2 or more Tariff Conferences on the same date is approved in time for such effectiveness for one Tariff Conference but not for another, the date in the former case may be delayed so as to coincide with the actual effective date of the latter, but in no case shall such delayed effectiveness be greater than 30 days 16 012 GLOSSARY OF  CTC1(26)012 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(37)012 (amended) CTC3(28)012 (amended) Type B CTC12(47)012 (amended) CTC23(37)012 (amended) CTC31(30)012 (amended) CTC123(40)012 (amended) RESOLVED that, unless otherwise specified the following definitions shall apply to the Resolutions of the Cargo Tariff Coordinating Conferences. All amounts established in accordance with an IATA TC Resolution are exclusive of taxes TERM DEFINITION Add-On an amount used only to construct an unspecified through fare Bankers Buying Rate (BBR) the rate at which, for the purpose of the transfer of funds through banking channels (i.e. other than transactions in bank notes, travellers cheques and similar banking instruments), a bank will purchase a given amount of foreign currency in exchange for one unit (or units) of the national currency of the country in which the exchange transaction takes place Bankers Selling Rate (BSR) the rate at which, for the purpose of the transfer of funds through banking channels (i.e. other than transactions in bank notes, travellers cheques and similar banking instruments), a bank will sell a given amount of foreign currency in exchange for one unit (or units) of the national currency of the country in which the exchange transaction takes place Central Africa Malawi, Zambia, Zimbabwe Charges Collect the charges entered on the Air Waybill for collection from the consignee City Code Directory (CCD) list of worldwide city, airport, country, province, state and territory names and codes. The CCD contains numerical and alphabetical codes, currencies and IATA Tariff Conference Areas. The CCD is used for the purpose of pricing and multi-airport city determination. a rate established for specific classes of cargo as a surcharge or discount on the GCR Class Rate Composite Meeting a meeting of 2 or more Cargo Tariff Coordinating Conferences Constructed Rate an unspecified through rate established by the use of add-ons 17 012 TERM DEFINITION Construction the establishment of a cargo rate through the use of add-ons Continental USA the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia (this does not include Alaska, Hawaii) Country of Commencement the country from which transportation on the first international sector takes place of Transportation Country of Payment the country where payment is made by the purchaser to the TC Member or its Agent; payment by cheque, credit card or other banking instruments shall be deemed to have been made at the place where such instrument is accepted by the TC Member or its Agent Diplomatic Bag a sealed envelope or bag moving between a government and its accredited representative abroad, supported by a 'Bordereau' which has been officially endorsed to indicate that the envelope or bag contains only official correspondence, for which special security measures are required Eastern Africa Burundi, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Rwanda, Somalia, Tanzania, Uganda Flagged Rate an IATA cargo rate and/or charge identified by a carrier's designator and, unless (Carrier Specific Rate) otherwise stated, applicable for online transportation on the named carrier 18 012 TERM DEFINITION GCR see General Cargo Rate (GCR) General Cargo Rate (GCR) a cargo rate established for the carriage of general cargo between 2 points IATA Cargo Rate a cargo rate established in accordance with a Tariff Coordinating Conference Resolution, also known as an IATA Industry Rate. Indian Ocean Islands Comoros, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mayotte, Reunion, Seychelles Last Carrier the participating carrier on whose service the last section of carriage under the Air Waybill is performed Limited Agreement an agreement reached by 2 or more TC Members; binding on those Members who are party to it and upon those Members not present at the Conference who operate Third/Fourth or Fifth Freedom Services between the countries between which the agreement is to apply Mixed Consignment a consignment of different commodities, articles or goods, whether packed or tied together or contained in separate packages; provided that a consignment consisting wholly of different articles or goods qualifying for the same cargo rate and  need not be considered to be a mixed consignment Non-IATA Cargo Rate a cargo rate not established in accordance with a Tariff Coordinating Conference Resolution Non-IATA Carrier any carrier who is not a Member of IATA Non-TC Member a Member of IATA who has elected not to participate in Tariff Coordinating Conferences N rate the 1kg GCR Related Charges a local currency amount in an IATA Resolution which is not a minimum charge, GCR, SCR, ULD charge/rate, add-on; e.g. dangerous goods handling fee, charges collect fee, charges for disbursements, charges for preparation of air waybill, charges in relation to value Scandinavia Denmark, Norway, Sweden SCR see Specific Commodity Rate (SCR) Secretary the Secretary of the Tariff Conferences 19 012 TERM DEFINITION Sectional Rate the cargo rate established and used by a scheduled air carrier(s) for a section of a through rate Southern Africa Botswana, Lesotho, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland Special Conference any Conference other than a regular Conference in accordance with the Provisions for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences Specific Commodity Rate a cargo rate established for a specific commodity(ies) between 2 points and identified by (SCR) an item number Specified Destination Point the point of destination to which the rate is specified Specified Originating Point the originating point from which the rate is specified Specified Rate a cargo rate specified in an IATA Tariff Conference Resolution TC Member a Member of IATA who has elected to participate in Tariff Coordinating Conferences for application between countries in the ECAA this term shall include carriers participating under Addendum No. 3 to the Provisions for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences Through Rate the total cargo rate from point of departure to point of destination ULD see Unit Load Device (ULD) Unaccompanied Baggage passenger baggage including only personal wearing apparel and personal articles (including portable musical instruments, portable typewriters and portable sports equipment but excluding machinery, machine or spare parts, money, securities, jewellery, watches, plate and plated ware, furs, films, cameras, tickets, documents, liquors, perfumes and articles of household furnishings, merchandise and salesman samples) Unit Load Device (ULD) any type of container, container with integral pallet, aircraft container or aircraft pallet, whether or not owned by a TC Member US Territories the overseas Territories of the United States of America, including but not limited to: American Samoa, Baker Is, Guam, Howland Is, Jarvis Is, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Is, Northern Mariana Is, Saipan, Swains Is, Palmyra Is, Wake Is. USA the 50 States, District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands 20 012 TERM DEFINITION Valuable Cargo a consignment which contains one or more of the following articles a) any article having a declared value for carriage of USD1000 (or equivalent) or more, per gross kg; except in the United Kingdom GBP450, or more, per gross kg b) gold bullion (including refined and unrefined gold in ingot form), dore bullion, gold specie and gold only in the form of grain, sheet, foil, powder, sponge, wire, rod, tube, circles, mouldings and castings, platinum, platinum metals (palladium, iridium, ruthenium, osmium and rhodium) and platinum alloys in the form of grain, sponge, bar, ingot, sheet, rod, wire, gauze, tube and strip (but excluding those radioactive isotopes of the above metals and alloys which are subject to dangerous goods labelling requirements) c) legal banknotes, traveller's cheques, securities, shares, share coupons and stamps (excluding mint stamps from the United Kingdom) and ready for use bank cards and/or credit cards d) diamonds (including diamonds for industrial use), rubies, emeralds, sapphires, opals and real pearls (including cultured pearls) e) jewellery consisting of diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, opals and real pearls (including cultured pearls) f) jewellery and watches made of silver and/or gold and/or platinum g) articles made of gold and/or platinum, other than gold and/or platinum plated Western Africa Angola Ghana Benin Guinea Burkina Faso Guinea-Bissau Cameroon Liberia Cape Verde Mali Central African Republic Mauritania Chad Niger Congo (Brazzaville) Nigeria Congo (Kinshasa) Sao Tome & Principe Côte d'Ivoire Senegal Equatorial Guinea Sierra Leone Gabon Togo Gambia 21 012a COUNTRIES, CURRENCIES, CODES ADMINISTRATIVE RESOLUTION CTC1(26)012a (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(37)012a (amended) CTC3(28)012a (amended) Type B CTC12(47)012a (amended) CTC23(37)012a (amended) CTC31(30)012a (amended) CTC123(40)012a (amended) RESOLVED that, 1) the Secretary is authorised to make any corrections to Resolutions that may be required in respect of changes to a) the name of a country b) the name of a currency c) the alpha and numeric currency codes d) the acceptance of a currency 2) the Secretary shall circulate any such corrections to TC Members and these shall be reflected in the Revenue Accounting Manual 22 014b 014b COMBINATION RULES FOR CARGO RATES GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)014b (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CANADA Type A The rate(s) in effect in any air carrier's tariff filed with the Canadian Transportation Agency shall be the rate(s) which RESOLVED that, shall apply on traffic between points in Canada and points in other countries. Acceptance of tariffs reflecting Resolution 1) BASIC PRINCIPAL 014b shall be subject to the tariff filing requirements of the Canadian Transportation Agency and nothing shall be a) when no published rate is available between two construed as limiting in any way the power of the Canadian points, a through rate may be established by a TC Transportation Agency to permit or require tariff revisions on Member as the lowest combination of sectional 30 days notice, or less as approved, in accordance with its rates tariff filing requirements b) where both an IATA cargo rate and a non-IATA published and filed with the Canadian Transportation cargo rate are available, the IATA cargo rate shall Agency, or its authorized filing agent, IATA TACT be used Where combination of specific commodity rates with other c) rates so established shall be applicable over any rates is not to be permitted, that fact must be clearly route from point of origin to point of destination indicated in the tariff in which such specific commodity rates are published and filed with the Canadian Transportation 2) COMBINATION OF CARGO RATES Agency. (1.7.74) USA/Canada transborder rates shall not be used for combination purposes to/from Canada, other than INDIA between points in Canada on the one hand and points in the Caribbean and points in TC3 on the other 1. Government of India does not disapprove Resolution 014b on the condition that the general cargo rates for 3) PRECEDENCE OF RATES transportation between TC3 and TC1 via TC2 need not be higher than the general cargo rates established by a) SCRs take precedence over class rates and GCRs any IATA Member for transportation between TC3 and TC1 via the Pacific. (1.7.74) b) class rates take precedence over GCRs 2. In respect of transportation to/from India, nothing in c) when the GCR applicable to the consignment is Resolution 014b or any other Resolution, shall prohibit lower than the SCR, such lower rate can be applied combination of international rates and charges with except where the SCR has been established for domestic rates and charges established by Indian items covered by a class rate Airlines. Where such combinations produce lower through rate(s) or charge(s), such lower combination(s) d) for items covered under Resolutions 596 and 598, shall take precedence over corresponding specified or where the GCR applicable to the consignment is constructed rate(s) or charge(s). (16.5.78) lower than the class rate, such lower rate can be applied 4) AREA OF APPLICATION a) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the ECAA or to/from Australia 23 014b GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) NEW ZEALAND Nothing in Resolutions 014b and 590 shall prohibit carriers serving New Zealand combining International Specific Commodity Rates from New Zealand with Incentive Rates established by the New Zealand National Airways Corporation and published from time to time in their tariff; further that such Incentive Rates shall be considered to be domestic rates for the purpose of these Resolutions. (16.10.74) SOUTH AFRICA The Government of the Republic of South Africa  its approval of IATA Resolution 014b to the extent that nothing in said Resolution shall prohibit SAA combining its specially established domestic specific commodity rates in order to construct through rates; further that such specially established domestic specific commodity rates shall be considered to be domestic rates for the purpose of this Resolution. (18.6.74) UNITED STATES Order 85-9-23 1. no provision of this Resolution or any other Resolution shall restrict the pricing freedom of any air carrier or foreign air carrier in establishing rates for new routes 2. no provision of this Resolution or any other Resolution shall prohibit any air carrier or foreign air carrier from selling a combination of local sector rates that undercuts the published through rate, or from using such lower combination of local sector rates for purposes of rate construction; and 3. no provision of this Resolution nor any other Resolution shall prohibit any air carrier or foreign air carrier from using a non-IATA rate for construction purposes 24 015aa 015aa ADD-ONS GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)015aa (amended) Expiry: Indefinite UNITED STATES Type B Order 86-9-88 RESOLVED that, 1. All through rates to/from points in the United States 1) a) the add-ons in the Attachments shall be used for constructed by use of the proportional rates contained constructing rates, subject to the following in this Resolution shall be published as single factor provisions rates in tariffs filed with the Department in all cases where the filing carrier is exercising authority granted b) add-ons shall not be used to establish rates for by certificate, permit or exemption under sections 401, weight-breaks that do not apply to/from the 402 or 416, respectively, of the Federal Aviation Act of construction point 1958, to perform direct service, whether such service is in fact operated on a non-stop or single flight c) specified rates take precedence over rates number basis constructed by use of add-ons 2. Any carrier may establish through rates based on a 2) GCRs combination of local rates over US gateways, served by either IATA or non-IATA carriers, whether or not GCRs shall be established by the use of the add-ons that carrier provides service at the particular gateways contained in the Attachments, under the designator involved 'GCRs', as applicable 3) SCRs SCRs shall be established by the use of add-ons shown in the Attachments, under the designator 'SCRs', as applicable, provided that such construction is permitted under the  of the SCR 4) AREA OF APPLICATION this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the ECAA or to/from Australia Attachment(s) published separately 25 033a 033a ATTACHMENT 'A' ESTABLISHING CARGO RATES CHARGES AND AMOUNTS Countries for which cargo rates and charges are established in US Dollars: CTC1(45)033a Expiry: Indefinite Afghanistan Madagascar CTC2(20)033a (amended) American Samoa Malawi CTC3(17)033a (amended) Type A Angola Maldives CTC12(33)033a (amended) Anguilla Marshall Islands CTC23(20)033a (amended) CTC31(19)033a (amended) Antigua & Barbuda Mexico CTC123(22)033a (amended) Argentina Micronesia Armenia Mongolia RESOLVED that, Azerbaijan Montserrat Barbados Myanmar 1) all cargo rates shall be established as cargo rates per Belarus Nicaragua kg in the currency of the country of commencement of Belize Nigeria transportation or, where agreed by the Tariff Coordinating Conferences, in US Dollars or in euro Bolivia Northern Mariana Islands Bonaire, Saint Eustatius Pakistan 2) all cargo charges shall be established in the currency and Saba Palau of the country of commencement of transportation or, Brazil Panama where agreed by the Tariff Coordinating Conferences, Burundi Paraguay in US Dollars or in euro Cambodia Peru 3) all other specified amounts shall be established in US Cayman Islands Philippines Dollars or in euro or, where agreed by the Tariff Chile Puerto Rico Coordinating Conferences, in the currency of the Colombia Russian Federation country in which such amount applies Congo (Kinshasa) Rwanda Costa Rica Saint Kitts and Nevis 4) in accordance with Paragraphs 1) and 2), the countries Cuba Saint Vincent and for which cargo rates and charges are established in Dominica the Grenadines US Dollars are shown in Attachment 'A' and in Attachment ‘B’ for those established in euro Dominican Republic Sao Tome and Principe Ecuador Sierra Leone El Salvador Somalia Eritrea Suriname Ethiopia Tajikistan Gambia Tanzania Georgia Timor Leste Ghana Trinidad and Tobago Grenada Turkey Guam Turkmenistan Guatamala Turks and Caicos Islands Guinea Uganda Guyana Ukraine Haiti United States Honduras Uruguay Iceland US Minor Outlying Islands Iraq Uzbekistan Israel Venezuela Jamaica Vietnam Kazakhstan Virgin Islands (British) Kenya Virgin Islands (US) Kyrgyzstan Zambia Laos Zimbabwe Lebanon Rounding for these countries in US Dollar shall be the same as reflected in Resolution 033d Attachment A for the United States. 26 033a 033b ATTACHMENT 'B' KILOGRAM APPLICATION AND PUBLICATION Countries for which cargo rates and charges are established in euro: CTC1(17)033b (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Albania Latvia CTC2(20)033b (amended) CTC3(17)033b (amended) Type B Austria Lithuania CTC12(33)033b (amended) Belgium Luxembourg CTC23(20)033b (amended) Bosnia and Herzegovina Macedonia (FYROM) CTC31(19)033b (amended) CTC123(22)033b (amended) Bulgaria Malta Cape Verde Martinique RESOLVED that, Croatia Mayotte 1) cargo weight charges shall be calculated by multiplying Cyprus Moldova the applicable rate by the chargeable weight Estonia Monaco Finland Montenegro 2) in applying cargo rates, fractions of a half kg shall be France Netherlands charged for as the next higher half kg French Guiana Portugal Germany Reunion Greece Romania Guadeloupe (including St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Barthelemy and Serbia Northern St. Martin) Slovakia Ireland Slovenia Italy Spain Rounding for these countries in euros shall be the same as reflected in Resolution 033d Attachment ‘A' for the countries whose national currency is the euro 27 033c ESTABLISHMENT OF THROUGH CARGO RATES AND CHARGES CTC1(17)033c (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(20)033c (amended) CTC3(17)033c (amended) Type A CTC12(33)033c (amended) CTC23(20)033c (amended) CTC31(19)033c (amended) CTC123(22)033c (amended) RESOLVED that, when it is necessary to add together rates and/or add-ons and/or charges expressed in different currencies the following shall apply 1) the currency to be used shall be the currency as established in accordance with Resolution 033a 2) a) rates or charges published in US Dollars shall be converted using the rates of exchange shown in Attachment 'A'; such conversions shall be carried out to one decimal place beyond the number of decimal places shown in Attachment 'A' to Resolution 033d, ignoring any further decimal places b) when converting from one local currency to another local currency (neither being US Dollars) the local currency amount to be converted shall be multiplied by the rate of exchange shown in Attachment 'A' for the currency into which it is to be converted and the total divided by the rate of exchange for the currency in which the rate is specified; such conversions shall be carried out to one decimal place beyond the number of decimal places shown in Attachment 'A' to Resolution 033d, ignoring any further decimal places EXAMPLES Formula is: Local Exchange Exchange Local Currency x Rate ÷ Rate = Currency (1) (2) (1) (2) Local Currency (1) = local currency rate to be converted Local Currency (2) = local currency into which conversion is required Exchange Rate (2) = exchange rate of Local Currency (2) Exchange Rate (1) = exchange rate of Local Currency (1) Example A Egypt to Genoa, Italy Given that − Proportional amount MIL to GOA is: EUR 0.08 − Rates in Attachment 'A' are: 1 USD = EGP 5.556776 1 USD = EUR 0.85136 − Formula is: 0.08 x 5.556776 ÷ 0.85136 = EGP 0.522 Example B Grand Cayman to Yellowknife NWT (YZF) Given that − Proportional amount YEA to YZF is: CAD 1.05 − Rates in Attachment 'A' are: 1 USD = KYD 0.83643 1 USD = CAD 1.23302 − Formula is: 1.05 x 0.83643 ÷ 1.23302 = KYD 0.712 28 033c (cont’d) ESTABLISHMENT OF THROUGH CARGO RATES AND CHARGES 3) add the components resulting from the above, and round off the result to the nearer whole unit shown in Attachment 'A' to Resolution 033d 4) Attachment 'A' shall be revised 3 times a year using the 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' as shown below Clearing House Rate Issued For Implementation from March 01 June July 01 October November 01 February Each issue of Attachment 'A' will be circulated to all TC Members by the Secretary Attachment(s) published separately 29 033d CURRENCY NAMES, CODES, ROUNDING OFF UNITS AND ACCEPTABILITY OF CURRENCIES CTC1(17)033d (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(20)033d (amended) CTC3(17)033d (amended) Type B CTC12(33)033d (amended) CTC23(20)033d (amended) CTC31(19)033d (amended) CTC123(22)033d (amended) RESOLVED that, 1) for currency codes when names of currencies are abbreviated in transportation documents, the abbreviations shown in Attachment 'A' shall be used 2) changes to and conversion of cargo rates, charges and other specified amounts shall be calculated to one decimal place beyond the number of decimal places shown in Attachment 'A', ignoring any further decimal place, and rounded-off as shown below: When rounding-off results of calculations rounded-off unit is are between/and rate will be 0.001 104.9995 – 105.0004 105.000 105.0005 – 105.0014 105.001 0.005 105.0025 – 105.0074 105.005 105.0075 – 105.0124 105.010 0.01 104.995 – 105.004 105.00 105.005 – 105.014 105.01 0.05 105.025 – 105.074 105.05 105.075 – 105.124 105.10 0.10 105.050 – 105.149 105.10 105.150 – 105.249 105.20 0.50 105.250 – 105.749 105.50 105.750 – 106.249 106.00 1 104.5 – 105.4 105 105.5 – 106.4 106 5 102.5 – 107.4 105 107.5 – 112.4 110 10 105.0 – 114.9 110 115.0 – 124.9 120 30 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Rounding Units Currency Except Code Accept- Minimum Minimum Country Name Currency Name ability Charges Charges Notes Alpha Num Afghanistan AFN 971 Afghani # 1 1 Albania ALL 008 Lek # 0.01 1 Algeria DZD 012 Algerian Dinar # 0.05 1 American Samoa USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Angola AOA 982 Kwanza # 0.5 1 Anguilla XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Antigua & Barbuda XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Argentina ARS 032 Peso # 0.01 1 Armenia AMD 051 Armenian Dram # - - Aruba AWG 533 Aruban Florin 0.01 0.05 Australia AUD 036 Australian Dollar 0.05 1 4 Austria EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Azerbaijan AZN 944 Azerbaijanian Manat # 0.01 1 Bahamas BSD 044 Bahamian Dollar 0.01 1 Bahrain BHD 048 Bahraini Dinar 0.005 1 Bangladesh BDT 050 Taka # 0.05 1 Barbados BBD 052 Barbados Dollar # 0.01 1 Belarus BYN 933 Belarussian Ruble # 0.01 1 Belgium EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Belize BZD 084 Belize Dollar # 0.01 1 Benin XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Bermuda BMD 060 Bermudian Dollar 0.01 1 Bhutan BTN 064 Ngultrum 0.05 1 Bolivia BOB 068 Boliviano # 0.1 1 Bonaire, Saint Eustatius USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 and Saba Bosnia & Herzegovina BAM 977 Convertible Mark 0.01 10 Botswana BWP 072 Pula 0.01 1 Brazil BRL 986 Brazilian Real # 0.01 0.01 5 Brunei Darussalam BND 096 Brunei Dollar 0.01 1 Bulgaria BGN 975 Lev # 0.01 0.01 Burkina Faso XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Burundi BIF 108 Burundi Franc # 0.5 1 Cambodia KHR 116 Riel # 0.1 1 Cameroon XAF 950 CFA Franc 5 100 Canada CAD 124 Canadian Dollar 0.01 5 Cape Verde CVE 132 Cape Verde Escudo # 5 5 Cayman Islands KYD 136 Cayman Islands Dollar 0.1 1 Central African Republic XAF 950 CFA Franc # 5 100 Chad XAF 950 CFA Franc # 5 100 Chile CLP 152 Chilean Peso # 1 1 China (excl Hong Kong CNY 156 Yuan Renminbi # 0.01 1 SAR and Macao SAR) Chinese Taipei TWD 901 New Taiwan Dollar 1 1 Colombia COP 170 Colombian Peso # 10 10 Comoros KMF 174 Comoro Franc 5 100 Congo (Brazzaville) XAF 950 CFA Franc # 5 100 Congo (Kinshasa) CDF 976 Franc Congolais # 0.001 1 Cook Islands NZD 554 New Zealand Dollar 0.01 1 31 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Rounding Units Currency Except Code Accept- Minimum Minimum Country Name Currency Name ability Charges Charges Notes Alpha Num Costa Rica CRC 188 Costa Rican Colon 0.05 1 Cote d'Ivoire XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Croatia HRK 191 Kuna 0.01 10 Cuba CUP 192 Cuban Peso # 0.01 1 Curacao ANG 532 Antilles Guilder # 0.01 0.05 Cyprus EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Czech Republic CZK 203 Czech Koruna 0.5 1 Denmark DKK 208 Danish Krona 0.1 10 Djibouti DJF 262 Djibouti Franc 5 500 Dominica XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Dominican Republic DOP 214 Dominican Peso # 0.01 1 Ecuador USD 804 US Dollar 0.01 1 Egypt EGP 818 Egyptian Pound # 0.1 0.1 El Salvador SVC 222 El Salvador Colon # 0.01 1 Equatorial Guinea XAF 950 CFA Franc # 5 100 Eritrea ERN 232 Nakfa # 0.05 1 Estonia EEK 233 Kroon # 0.01 1 Ethiopia ETB 230 Ethiopian Birr # 0.05 1 Faeroe Islands DKK 208 Danish Krona 0.1 10 Falkland Islands FKP 238 Falkland Is. Pound 0.01 1 Fiji FJD 242 Fiji Dollar 0.01 1 4 Finland EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 France EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 French Guiana EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 French Polynesia XPF 953 CFP Franc 0.1 100 Gabon XAF 950 CFA Franc # 5 100 Gambia GMD 270 Dalasi # 0.01 1 Georgia GEL 981 Lari # 0.01 0.01 Germany EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Ghana GHS 936 Ghana Cedi # 0.01 1 Gibraltar GIP 292 Gibraltar Pound 0.01 1 Greece EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Greenland DKK 208 Danish Krona 0.1 10 Grenada XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Guadaloupe (inc. St Bartholemi & Northern St EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Martin) Guam USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Guatamala GTQ 320 Quetzal 0.01 1 Guinea GNF 324 Guinea Franc # 100 1 Guinea-Bissau XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Guyana GYD 328 Guyana Dollar # 0.01 1 Haiti HTG 332 Gourde # 0.05 1 Honduras HNL 340 Lempira 0.01 1 Hong Kong SAR HKD 344 Hong Kong Dollar 0.01 1 Hungary HUF 348 Forint 5 10 32 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Rounding Units Currency Except Code Accept- Minimum Minimum Country Name Currency Name ability Charges Charges Notes Alpha Num Iceland ISK 352 Iceland Krona 0.1 1 India (inc. Andamin Island) INR 356 Indian Rupee # 0.05 1 Indonesia IDR 360 Indonesian Rupiah 5 1 Iran (Islamic Rep. Of) IRR 364 Iranian Rial # 10 100 Iraq IQD 368 Iraqi Dinar # 0.005 0.1 Ireland EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Israel ILS 376 Shekel 1 1 1 Italy EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Jamaica JMD 388 Jamaican Dollar # 0.01 1 Japan JPY 392 Yen 1 100 Jordan JOD 400 Jordanian Dinar 0.005 0.1 Kazakhstan KZT 398 Tenge # 0.01 0.01 Kenya KES 404 Kenyan Shilling # 0.50 5 Kiribati AUD 036 Australian Dollar 0.05 1 4 Korea (Dem. Rep. Of) KPW 408 North Korean Won # 0.01 0.01 Korea (Rep. Of) KRW 410 Won 10 100 6 Kuwait KWD 414 Kuwaiti Dinar 0.005 0.1 Kyrgyzstan KGS 417 Som # 0.01 0.01 Laos LAK 418 Kip # 0.1 1 Latvia EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Lebanon LBP 422 Lebanese Pound 100 1000 3 Lesotho LSL 426 Loti 0.01 1 Liberia LRD 430 Liberian Dollar # 0.01 1 Libya LYD 434 Libyan Dinar # 0.005 1 Lithuania EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Luxembourg EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Macao SAR MOP 446 Pataca 0.01 1 Macedonia (FYROM) MKD 807 Denar # 0.01 10 Madagascar MGA 969 Ariary # 100 100 Malawi MWK 454 Kwacha # 0.01 1 Malaysia MYR 458 Malaysian Ringgit 0.01 1 Maldives MVR 462 Rufiyaa 0.05 1 Mali XOF 952 CFA Franc 5 100 Malta EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Marshall Islands USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Martinique EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Mauritania MRU 929 Ouguiya # 1 20 Mauritius MUR 480 Mauritius Rupee # 0.05 10 Mayotte EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Mexico MXN 484 Mex. Nuevo Peso 0.01 0.01 Micronesia USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Moldova MDL 498 Moldovan Leu # 0.01 0.01 Monaco EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Mongolia MNT 496 Tugrik 0.01 1 Montenegro EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Montserrat XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Morocco MAD 504 Morrocan Dirham # 0.05 1 Mozambique MZN 943 Metical # 1 10 Myanmar MMK 104 Kyat # 0.05 1 33 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Rounding Units Currency Except Code Accept- Minimum Minimum Country Name Currency Name ability Charges Charges Notes Alpha Num Namibia NAD 516 Namibia Dollar 0.01 1 Nauru AUD 036 Australian Dollar 0.05 1 4 Nepal NPR 524 Nepalese Rupee # 0.05 1 Netherlands EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 New Caledonia (inc. XPF 953 CFP Franc 0.1 100 Loyalty Islands) New Zealand NZD 554 New Zealand Dollar 0.01 1 Nicaragua NIO 558 Cordoba Oro # 0.01 1 Nieue NZD 554 New Zealand Dollar 0.01 1 Niger XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Nigeria NGN 566 Naira # 0.01 1 2 Norfolk Island AUD 036 Australian Dollar 0.05 1 4 Northern Mariana Islands USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Norway NOK 578 Norwegian Krone 0.1 10 Oman OMR 512 Rial Omani 0.005 1 Pakistan USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Palau USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Panama PAB 590 Balboa 0.05 1 Papua New Guinea PGK 598 Kina 0.05 1 Paraguay PYG 600 Guarani # 10 100 Peru PEN 604 Nuevo Sol # 0.1 1 Philippines PHP 608 Philippine Peso # 1 1 Poland PLN 985 Zloty 0.01 0.1 Portugal EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Puerto Rico USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Qatar QAR 634 Qatari Rial 0.05 1 Reunion EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Romania RON 946 Leu 0.01 0.01 Russian Federation RUB 643 Russian Ruble 0.05 1 Rwanda RWF 646 Rwanda Franc # 0.05 1 Saint Helena, Ascension SHP 654 Saint Helena Pound 0.1 1 and Tristan Da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Saint Lucia XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Saint Maarten ANG 532 Antilles Guilder 0.01 0.05 Saint Pierre and Miquelon EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Saint Vincent and the XCD 951 East Caribbean Dollar 0.01 1 Grenadines Samoa WST 882 Tala 0.01 5 Sao Tome and Principe STN 930 Dobra # 1 1 Saudi Arabia SAR 682 Saudi Riyal 0.05 1 Senegal XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Serbia RSD 941 Serbian Dinar # 0.01 10 Seychelles SCR 690 Seychelles Rupee # 0.05 10 Sierra Leone SLL 694 Leone # 0.01 1 Singapore SGD 702 Singapore Dollar 0.01 1 Slovakia EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Slovenia EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Solomon Islands SBD 090 Solomon Is. Dollar 0.01 1 34 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Currency Except Code Accept- Minimum Minimum Country Name Currency Name ability Charges Charges Notes Alpha Num Somalia SOS 706 Somali Shilling # 0.1 1 South Africa ZAR 710 Rand 0.01 1 South Sudan SSP 728 South Sudanese Pound # 0.05 1 Spain EUR 978 Euro 0.01 0.01 Sri Lanka LKR 144 Sri Lanka Rupee # 1 50 Sudan SDG 938 Sudanese Pound # 0.05 1 Suriname SRD 968 Surinam Dollar # 0.01 1 Swaziland SZL 748 Lilangeni 0.01 1 Sweden SEK 752 Swedish Krona 0.1 10 Switzerland CHF 756 Swiss Franc 0.05 5 Syria SYP 760 Syrian Pound # 1 1 Tajikistan TJS 762 Somoni # 1 1 Tanzania TZS 834 Tanzanian Shilling # 5 5 Thailand THB 764 Baht 1 1 Timor Leste USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Togo XOF 952 CFA Franc # 5 100 Tonga TOP 776 Pa'anga # 0.01 1 Trinidad and Tobago TTD 780 Trin & Tob Dollar # 0.01 1 Tunisia TND 788 Tunisian Dinar # 0.01 0.05 Turkey USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Turkmenistan TMT 934 New Manat # 0.01 0.01 Turks and Caicos Islands USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Tuvalu AUD 036 Australian Dollar 0.05 1 4 Uganda UGX 800 Uganda Shilling # 0.1 1 Ukraine UAH 980 Hryvnia # 0.01 0.01 United Arab Emirates AED 784 UAE Dirham 0.05 1 United Kingdom GBP 826 Pound Sterling 0.01 1 United States USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Uruguay UYU 858 Peso Uruguayo # 1 1 US Minor Outlying Islands USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Uzbekistan UZS 860 Uzbekistan Sum # 0.01 0.01 Vanuatu VUV 548 Vatu 5 100 Venezuela VES 928 Bolivar Soberano # 1 1 Vietnam VND 704 Dong # 1 1 Virgin Islands (British) USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Virgin Islands (US) USD 840 US Dollar 0.01 1 Wallis and Futuna Islands XPF 953 CFP Franc 0.1 100 Yemen YER 886 Yemeni Rial 0.05 1 Zambia ZMK 894 Kwacha # 0.01 1 Zimbabwe ZWR 935 Zimbabwe Dollar # 0.05 1 35 033d ATTACHMENT 'A' Notes General – for all dollar currencies, TC Members may use as the third character of the currency code the symbol '$' instead of the letter 'D' – for all pound currencies TC Members may use as the third character of the currency code the symbol '£' instead of the letter 'L’ – the rounding off unit for bulk unitisation charges and containerised SCRs shall be as follows a) except for transportation from Australia/Fiji, where the amount to be charged is expressed as an amount for the carriage of the ULD at the minimum chargeable weight and the rounding unit shown in Attachment 'A' is less than 1, rounding shall be carried out to 1.00, provided that where the rounding unit is greater than 1, such rounding unit shall be applied as required b) where the amount to be charged is expressed as an amount per kg, rounding shall be in accordance with Attachment 'A' + Acceptance of currencies marked with a '+' sign shall be limited as provided in Resolution 033e 1 a) payment in New Israeli Sheqels will be made at the selling rates for bank transfers for the US Dollar quoted by a commercial bank in Israel on the day of issuance of the Air Waybill b) sales reports by Agents or billing will be made solely in US Dollars. Remittances in New Israeli Sheqels will be made at the selling rate for bank transfers for the US Dollar quoted by a commercial bank in Israel on the day of remittance 2 for Nigerian Naira, TC Members may use as the third character of the currency code the symbol 'N' instead of the letter 'N' 3 Rounding off in local currency shall be accomplished by dropping all decimals and the resultant whole amount shall be rounded up to the next higher rounding unit 4 specific or constructed bulk unitisation charges and containerised SCRs in AUD/FJD shall be rounded off to the nearest AUD/FJD 10.00 except that where the amount to be charged is expressed as an amount per kg this shall be rounded off to the nearest AUD 0.05/FJD 0.01 5 no rounding is involved; all decimals beyond 2 shall be ignored 6 specific or constructed bulk unitisation charges and containerised SCRs in KRW shall be rounded off to the nearest KRW 100 except that where the amount to be charged is expressed as an amount per kg, this shall be rounded off to the nearest KRW 10 36 033e RULES FOR PAYMENT OF CARGO RATES, CHARGES AND OTHER AMOUNTS (EXCEPT TO/FROM AUSTRALIA) CTCCOMP (Mail 706) 033e (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type A RESOLVED that, SECTION A: GENERAL RULES 1) Nothing in this Resolution shall be construed as prohibiting TC Members from engaging in normal banking and exchange transactions independent of the sale of transportation; provided that such transactions shall not be used directly or indirectly as a means of charging less than the applicable local currency fares. 2) Payment of cargo rates, charges and other amounts shall be made as follows; a) in the currency of the country of commencement of transportation; or b) in any currency not marked with a '#' sign in Resolution 033d, provided that the equivalent of the currency tariff in the country of commencement of transportation is collected at the bankers buying rate of exchange c) the rate of exchange to be applied shall be the applicable rate of exchange in effect on the date of execution of the Air Waybill SECTION B: DETERMINATION OF RATES OF EXCHANGE FOR PAYMENTS ACCORDING TO SECTION A for certain countries, specific sources for rates of exchange have been established; these are listed in Attachment ‘A’. If no source is specified in Attachment ‘A’, the rates shown in the latest issue of the ‘Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate’ circulated each month by IATA shall be used. SECTION C: SOURCES the Secretary is authorised to update Attachment 'A' by additions and/or changes upon notification by any TC Member. Such changes shall be circulated to all TC Members. 37 033e ATTACHMENT 'A' SOURCES FOR RATES OF EXCHANGE COUNTRY SOURCE Angola Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Angola Kwanza (AOA) using the exchange rate published daily by the Banco de Fomento Angola on their website http://www.bfa.ao. — The rate is found under the heading “Divisas” in the “Venda” column and shall be applicable from the following day. Argentina For air transportation the cargo rates must be converted into Argentine pesos at the selling rate quoted by Banco de la Nacion on their website http://www.bna.com.ar/ on the date preceding the date of the sale. The rate is found on the bottom right corner of the page under the heading “Cotizacion Billetes” and the subheading “Venta”. Armenia Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Armenian Dram using the bankers selling rate published on the Central Bank of Armenia website https://www.cba.am/EN/SitePages/Default.aspx. This rate will be applicable from the following day. Azerbaijan The bankers rate means the rate published by the National Bank of Azerbaijan on their website http://en.cbar.az/ daily (Monday through Friday), to be applicable the following day. In the case of public holidays, the rate of the last working day before public holidays remains in force until the next working day. Bangladesh The rate is published periodically and shall be applicable from the following day. Belarus Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Belarusian Ruble (BYN) using the exchange published daily by the National Bank of the Republic of Belarus on their website http://www.nbrb.by/engl/statistics/rates/ratesDaily.asp, to be applicable from the following day. Bolivia, The bankers rate means the rates published by the Banco Central de Bolivia each Monday on their Plurinational website http://www.bcb.gob.bo/?q=cotizaciones_tc. These rates will be applicable from Tuesday of each State of week up to and including Monday of the following week. Brazil Cargo rates, charges and other amounts shall be converted to Brazilian currency for the purposes of publication and sales using the rates published on the Central Bank of Brazil’s website (www.bacen.gov.br) on the banking day before the date of sale of air transportation. Bulgaria Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Bulgarian Lev (BGN) using the exchange rate quoted by the Bulgarian National Bank on the day before the date of transaction, on their website http://www.bnb.bg/Statistics/StExternalSector/StExchangeRates/StERForeignCurrencies/index.htm?toL ang=_EN. Burundi The bankers rate means the rates published by the Banque de la Republique du Burundi on Monday on their website https://www.brb.bi/, under the column “Vendeur”. The rate, published each Monday, shall be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Colombia The bankers rate of exchange (TCRM) is updated on a daily basis (Monday through Friday, working days only) and applicable for tickets issued the next day. The rate issued on Fridays will be applicable for the following Saturday, Sunday and Monday. — In the event that new rates are not available for any day, due to a local holiday or other, the most recent previous rate shall remain in effect until such time that a new set of exchange rates is quoted. — The rate (TCRM) is published on the website www.superfinanciera.gov.co and can be found by clicking on “TRM” on the right side of the webpage. The subsequent page lists the rate of exchange and the date through which it is valid. Costa Rica Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Costa Rican Colon (CRC) using the bankers selling rate published on the Banco de Costa Rica website (http://www.bccr.fi.cr/) daily. The rate is located under the heading “Tipo de Cambio y Tasas” and “Venta”. 38 Croatia TC Members shall convert cargo rates and related charges to Croatian Kuna (HRK) at the selling rate of exchange to the euro quoted by Privredna Banka Zagreb (Croatia) each Tuesday. This rate shall be applicable from Wednesday of the same week up to and including Tuesday of the following week. In case that Tuesday is a national holiday, exchange rate of the previous week will continue to stay in effect until and including the next official business day thereafter the exchange rate shown in the first available edition shall apply until Tuesday of the following week. Cuba The bankers rate means the rates published by the Banco Central de Cuba each Monday on their website http://www.bc.gob.cu/English/home.asp. These rates will be applicable from Tuesday of each week up to and including Monday of the following week. In the event that a public holiday falls on Monday, the rates effective from the previous Tuesday will continue to be used for a further week. Dominican The bankers rate is published each Friday to be applicable from Saturday through the following Friday. Republic Egypt The bankers rate means the daily rates published by the National Bank of Egypt on their website http://www.nbe.com.eg/en/ExchangeRate.aspx. The rates published will be effective the following day and updated daily. Ethiopia TC Members shall convert cargo rates to Ethiopian Birr at the bank rate published each Monday by the Commercial Bank of Ethiopia on their website http://www.combanketh.com. The rate will be applicable from Tuesday of the same week up to and including the following Monday. Eswatini The bankers rate is published each Monday to be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. 033e ATTACHMENT 'A' COUNTRY SOURCE Georgia Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Georgia Lari (GEL) using the exchange rates in effect on a daily basis, published by the TBC bank on their website www.tbcbank.ge/web/en/web/guest/exchange-rates, under the heading “TBC Buy Rate”. — The rates are effective for transactions executed the following day. In the event that new rates are not available, the current published rates shall remain in effect until such time that new rates are quoted Ghana Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Ghana Cedi (GHS) using the exchange rate quoted daily on the Standard Chartered Bank (https://www.sc.com/gh/help-centre/rates-and- services.html) under the section entitled “Rate for Ticket Sale in Ghana”. The rates are updated daily for applicability the following day. Guatemala TC Members shall convert cargo rates to Quetzales, as currency of payment, at the selling rate of exchange to the US Dollar quoted by the Banco Central each day. Quotations rates of the Banco Central are published on their public web page “http://www.banguat.gob.gt/cambio/default.asp”. Guyana Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Guyanese Dollar (GYD) using the selling rate quoted each Monday on the Bank of Guyana's website (http://www.bankofguyana.org.gy/bog/). The rate is applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Honduras Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Honduras Lempira (HNL) using the exchange rate in effect on the date of transaction quoted by Banco Central de Honduras on their website http://www.bch.hn/index.php under the heading Cotización del Dólar (Lempiras por Dólar). Indonesia Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Indonesia Rupiah (IDR) using the daily JISDOR rate as quoted by the Bank of Indonesia on their website HTTP://WWW.BI.GO.ID/EN/MONETER/INFORMASI-KURS/REFERENSI-JISDOR/DEFAULT.ASPX. — The rate is applicable from the following day. In the event of banking or public holidays, the rate of the previous business day will apply. Iran, Islamic The rate is published periodically and shall be applicable the following day. R epublic of 39 Israel Payment in New Israeli Sheqels will be made at the selling rate for bank transfers for the US Dollar quoted by a commercial bank in Israel on the day of sale of transportation. Sales reports by Agents or billing will be made solely in US Dollars. Remittances in New Israeli Sheqels will be at the selling rate for bank transfers for the US Dollar quoted by a commercial bank in Israel on the day of remittance Jamaica Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Jamaican Dollar (JMD) using the selling rate published daily on the Bank of Jamaica (http://www.boj.org.jm) daily. The rate shall be applicable from the following day. Japan The banker's selling rate means the telegraphic transfer selling rate at the opening of business on each Monday quoted from the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (http://www.bk.mufg.jp/english/). This rate will be applicable from the Wednesday of the same week up to and including the Tuesday of the following week. When a national holiday falls on Monday, foreign exchange rates are not quoted from the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi. In such exceptional case the rates at the opening of business on the previous Friday will be applicable from the Wednesday of the week up to and including the Tuesday of the following week. Kazakhstan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Kazakhstan Tenge (KZT) using the exchange rate published daily on website http://www.kase.kz/en/cur. — The rate is found under the “WA” column and is applicable from the following day. Kenya The bankers rate is published each Tuesday to be applicable from Wednesday through the following Tuesday. Korea (Rep. of) The bankers rate is published around the 20th of each month and shall be applicable from the following day 033e ATTACHMENT 'A' COUNTRY SOURCE Kyrgyzstan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Kyrgyzstan Som using the rate quoted every Friday by the National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic on their website www.nbkr.kg. These rates shall be applicable from Saturday of each week up to and including Friday of the following week. In the event that Friday is a public holiday the previous rates in force shall remain in effect until such time that a new set of exchange rates is quoted on the first working day immediately after the public holiday. Lesotho The bankers rate is published each Monday to be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Macedonia Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Macedonian Denar (MKD) using the middle rate published every Friday by the National Bank of the Republic of Macedonia: http://www.nbrm.mk/ These rates shall be applicable from Saturday of each week up to and including Friday of the following week. Malawi Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Malawi Kwacha (MWK) using the exchange rate published daily by the National Bank of Malawi on their website http://www.natbank.co.mw/index.php/2013-01-10-09-18-18/foreign-exchange-rates-nbm. — The rate is found under the heading “TT Sell” column and is applicable from the following day. Maldives Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Maldives Rufiyaa (MVR) using the exchange rate published daily by the Maldives Monetary Authority on their website www.mma.gov.mv/er.php, to be applicable from the following day. — The rate to is found under the heading “MMA Reference Rate”. Mexico Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Mexican Pesos using the selling rate quoted daily by the Banco de México's website: http://www.banxico.org.mx/portal-mercado-cambiario/foreign- exchange-markets--exc.html under the heading “Foreign Exchange Market/Exchange Rate Fix 48 hrs”. This shall take into consideration Banco de México and Ley Moneteria de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos directives. The rate shall be applicable from the following day. 40 Moldova Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Moldovan Leu (MDL) using the rate quoted daily by the Moldova Agroindbank at the following website: http://maib.md/en/curs-valutar/. The rate shall be applicable from the following day. Mozambique Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Mozambique Metical (MZN) using the exchange rate published on Fridays by the Mozambican Commercial Bank on their website www.bci.co.mz. The rate is found under the heading “Cambios” in the “Venda/Offer” column. — The rate is applicable from Saturday through the following Friday. Namibia The bankers rate is published each Monday to be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Nigeria Fares and related charges shall be converted to Nigerian Naira (NGN) using the NAFEX exchange rate quoted daily on the following website: http://www.fmdqotc.com/ under “Fixings” – “NAFEX” to be applicable from the following day. Paraguay Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Paraguay Guarani (PYG) using the exchange rate published daily by the Banco Central Del Paraguay on their website www.bcp.gov.py, to be applicable from the following day. Peru TC Members shall convert agreed cargo rates to Peruvian currency at the free market rate as published daily by the Superintendency of Banks on the website http://www.sunat.gob.pe/cl-at-ittipcam/tcS01Alias u nder the column heading “Venta”. The rate shall be applicable from the following day. Philippines The bankers rate is published daily to be applicable from the following day. 033e ATTACHMENT 'A' COUNTRY SOURCE Russia Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to RUB using the rate dated each Tuesday as published by the Central bank of Russian Federation on their website http://www.cbr.ru/eng/currency_base/daily.aspx?date rounded up to the next RUB 0.50. — This rate will be applicable from Wednesday of the same week up to and including Tuesday of the following week. In the event that a public holiday falls on a Monday the rates in force shall remain in effect until such time that a new set of exchange rates is quoted on the second working day immediately after the public holiday. — In this case, these exchange rates shall be applicable from the day after the second working day of the week, up to and including Tuesday of the following week. For the currencies not published, the EUR–RUB rate appearing on the CBR website will be used to cross-calculate. Saudi Arabia The bankers rate is the rate published each Monday by the Riyad Bank. This rate will be applicable from Monday up to and including the following Sunday. South Africa The bankers rate is published each Monday to be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. South Sudan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to South Sudanese Pound (SSP) using the exchange rate quoted each Wednesday on the following website: https://treasury.un.org/operationalrates/OperationalRates.php. — These rates will be applicable from Thursday of the same week up to and including Wednesday of the following week. 41 Sudan The rate is published periodically and shall be applicable from the following day. Syrian Arab The bankers rates are the rates in effect on the first and 16th day of each month as quoted by the Republic Central Bank of Syria on their website http://www.banquecentrale.gov.sy/main-eg.htm. The rates are found under the heading “Foreign Exchange Quotations”. — The rates to convert to Syrian Pounds (SYP) are found under the heading “Foreign Exchange Rates for Airlines Transactions”. For transactions within Syria, the rates to convert from Syrian Pounds (SYP) are found under the heading “Foreign Exchange Rates for Airlines Transactions-SP”. — In the event that no rates are quoted on the first or 16th day of the month, the previous rates shall remain in effect until new rates are published. Tajikistan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Tajikistan Somoni (TJS) using the rates quoted daily by the National Bank of Tajikistan on their website www.nbt.tj. The rates shall be applicable from the following day. — In the event of a public holiday, the previous rates in force shall remain in effect until such time that a new set of exchange rates is quoted on the first working day immediately after the public holiday. Thailand The Bankers Rate is the Selling Rate published by the Bank of Thailand each Monday on their website http://www.bot.or.th under the heading “Exchange Rates”. — BBR = Average Buying Rates (Telex Transfer) — BSR = Average Selling Rates — These rates will be applicable from Tuesday of each week up to and including Monday of the following week. In the event that a public holiday falls on a Monday when exchange rates are not quoted, the rates in force shall remain in effect until such time that a new set of exchange rates is published on the first working day immediately after the public holiday. Trinidad and Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Trinidad and Tobago Dollar (TTD) using the Tobago bankers selling rate published on the Central Bank of Trinidad and Tobago's website http://www.central- bank.org.tt/. — The rate, published each Monday, shall be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Turkey Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to TRY using the applicable bankers selling rate in effect on the date preceding the date of the transaction as quoted on the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey's website http://www.tcmb.gov.tr/wps/wcm/connect/tcmb+en/tcmb+en. Turkmenistan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Turkmenistan New Manat (TMT) using the bankers selling rate published on the website http://www.cbt.tm/kurs/2015_en.html# and is updated Periodically. 033e ATTACHMENT 'A' COUNTRY SOURCE Ukraine Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Ukrainian Hryvnia using the bankers selling rate published on the website http://finance.ua/ru/currency/#interbank under the section entitled МЕЖБАНК, in the column on the right with the heading ПРОДАЖА. — The rate published daily shall be applicable from the following day. Uzbekistan Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Uzbekistan Som (UZS) using the bankers rate published on the website http://cbu.uz/eng/section/rates. — The rate, published each Monday, shall be applicable from Tuesday through the following Monday. Venezuela, Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Venezuelan Bolivar Fuerte at the “Venta” rate of Bolivarian exchange, as quoted daily by the Banco Central de Venezuela website http://www.bcv.org.ve/. The rate Republic of will be applicable from the following day. Vietnam Cargo rates and related charges shall be converted to Vietnamese Dong (VND) using the bankers selling rate published on the website http://vietcombank.com.vn/default.aspx?&lang=en under the section entitled “Exchange Rates”. — The rate, published daily, shall be applicable from the following day. Yemen The USD–YER rate is the rate published by the Central Bank of Yemen and will be updated on a regular basis. 42 033g 034 CONVERSION OF US DOLLAR SPECIFIED AMOUNTS SPECIAL PROVISIONS RESOLUTION INTO LOCAL CURRENCIES CURRENCY ADJUSTMENTS CTC1(19)033g (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTCCOMP(Mail 618)034 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(22)033g (amended) Type B CTC3(18)033g (amended) Type A CTC12(34)033g (amended) CTC23(22)033g (amended) CTC31(20)033g (amended) CTC123(24)033g (amended) WHEREAS from time to time governments require tariff RESOLVED that, except as otherwise specifically provided in increases due to a change in value of their currency, and a cargo Resolution, the following shall apply WHEREAS it is necessary that the IATA data base be 1) when US Dollar amounts are specified in the text of a speedily updated to provide accurate tariff levels for Resolution, such US Dollar amounts shall be converted through-put to industry systems into local currency amounts by using the rates of exchange shown in Attachment 'A' to Resolution 033c, IT IS RESOLVED that, unless otherwise established locally. Rounding-off shall be in accordance with Resolution 033d 1) in the event a Government requires an increase in tariff levels as a result of a change in value of its 2) in accordance with the provisions of Resolution 033c, currency, any TC Member may notify the Secretary the rates of exchange to be used are issued 3 times a of such change. A copy of a Government document year, for use as follows to this effect must support the notification a) the March 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for 2) upon receipt of such notification, the IATA data base implementation from 1 June through 30 September will be amended accordingly on an industry basis and the information will be circulated to all TC b) the July 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for Members implementation from 1 October through the following 31 January 3) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the ECAA or to/from Australia c) the November 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for implementation from 1 February through 31 May Each issue of Attachment 'A' to Resolution 033c will be circulated to all TC Members by the Secretary 43 035 049a UNETHICAL DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION APPLICATION OF CHANGES IN RATES CTCCOMP(Mail 262)035 Expiry: Indefinite CTC1(02)049a Expiry: Indefinite Type A CTC2(02)049a CTC3(02)049a Type A CTC12(02)049a RESOLVED that, CTC23(03)049a CTC31(02)049a 1) no TC Member shall divulge or disclose to anyone other CTC123(03)049a than a TC Member or IATA RESOLVED that, air cargo rates shall be the published a) knowledge or information it has obtained as a result cargo rates in effect on the date of issuance of the Air of its IATA Tariff Conference(s) membership; or Waybill by a TC Member, including its agent b) in connection with any mail vote or any meeting of TC Members or their representatives pursuant to the Provisions for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences, or Resolutions, or other action of Tariff Conferences or of the Traffic Committee, the attitude, position or action it will take, is taking or has taken on matters that will be, are being, or have been considered which has the effect of discrediting or detrimentally affecting the interest of another TC Member 2) no TC Member shall divulge or disclose to anyone other than a TC Member or IATA, in connection with any mail vote or any meeting of TC Members or their representatives pursuant to the Provisions for the Conduct of the IATA Traffic Conferences or Resolutions or other action of Tariff Conferences or of the Traffic Committee, the attitude, position or action another TC Member will take, is taking or has taken on matters that will be, are being, or have been considered 3) notwithstanding Paragraphs 1) and 2), in the event a TC Member has been discredited or detrimentally affected by disclosures or publications as referred to above, such TC Member may disclose, to the extent necessary to refute such disclosures or publications, the true attitude, position or action theretofore taken, being taken, or to be taken by it and by any other TC Member involved 4) this Resolution shall not prevent normal liaison by IATA committees and working groups with corresponding committees and working groups when and as authorised by the Tariff Conferences, Committee or Working Group concerned 5) this Resolution shall not be construed to prohibit a TC Member from divulging or disclosing such information if this is permitted by a Tariff Conference Resolution or if a TC Member is to testify in a court of law or other legal or governmental proceedings or hearing, or from furnishing such information to its government 44 116aa 116aa CARGO RATES ENABLING FACILITY CARGO RATES ENABLING FACILITY (cont’d) CTC1(Mail 618)116aa (amended) Expiry: Indefinite i) Except to/from USA and US Territories any voting CTC2(Mail 618)116aa (amended) Type A TC Member of the Tariff Conference concerned may CTC3(Mail 618)116aa (amended) protest the filing, and shall provide reasons and CTC12(Mail 618)116aa (amended) compromise proposals CTC31(Mail 618)116aa (amended) CTC123(Mail 618)116aa (amended) j) i) the protest shall be sent to the Secretary within 10 days from the date of circulation with a copy to the filing TC Member. In such case the WHEREAS coordination of cargo rates and charges is protested rate(s) or charge(s) shall not come into necessary to ensure comprehensible cargo rates structures effect. If the protesting TC Member withdraws the and stability in the market, to the benefit of consumers, protest, the rate(s)/charge(s) shall become governments and airlines, and effective 7 days after the notice by the Secretary of the withdrawal WHEREAS as a consequence it is desirable that the bilateral, or multilateral rates understandings achieved in the IATA ii) protest codes shall be as follows; Conferences be recognised to the greatest extent possible, rates too low (a) whilst furthering flexibility, and rates too high (b) present rates adequate (c) WHEREAS the opportunities for the rapid and orderly description (d) introduction of rates/charges should be enhanced poor potential (e) no GCRs specified (f) IT IS RESOLVED that, minimum weightbreak too low (g) minimum weightbreak too high (h) 1) any TC Member may file to change an existing cargo too many breakpoints (i) rate(s)/charge(s) or introduce a new cargo rates needed, traffic still moving (j) rate(s)/charge(s) commonration not acceptable (k) - to/from Japan require extension to: . . (points/countries) (l) - from China (excl Hong Kong SAR and Macao other reasons (must be shown in full) (m) SAR) - from Thailand k) if a protest is received, the Secretary shall include it in a weekly cabled report in accordance with subject to the following Subparagraph m) a) as used herein, the term 'charges' shall mean all charges (including minimum charges and ULD l) filings not protested shall become effective on the charges) and fees date proposed, subject to Subparagraph j), and shall be incorporated into the agreement from such date, b) filings should be based on the IATA Rates subject to applicable government approval(s) Tables/Resolutions m) the Secretary shall circulate a weekly Status Report c) the filing shall be submitted to the Secretary and of all filings received to all TC Members of the Tariff shall contain the information in Attachment 'A' Conference concerned. Such Status Reports shall contain d) upon receipt of such filing, the Secretary shall i) circulation date of filing by IATA with telex circulate the information to all TC Members who reference have requested to receive filings for the area/sub- ii) filing TC Member area concerned iii) proposed effective date iv) protest(s) received, if any, showing protesting TC e) Except to/from USA and US Territories Member(s), reasons and counter-proposal(s) the effective date of any filing shall be not less than 15 days from the date of circulation by the Secretary n) Applicable to/from USA and US Territories i) the filed rates and/or charges may be applied by f) expiry dates may be included in filings, provided that any TC Member, provided that if a TC Member any such expiry date is not beyond the expiry of the does not wish to apply such rates/charges, they applicable rates agreement, and shall not be shall notify the Secretary for circulation imposed on filings ii) the filed rates and/or charges shall not reflect g) filings for SCRs or ULD rates will only be accepted if increases with respect to existing rates there is a GCR structure between the same points, either specified or available through the use of add- o) This Resolution shall not apply or to/from Australia on(s). If no such GCR structure exists then the filing carrier must file an appropriate GCR in conjunction with the SCR or ULD rate filing h) filings that include Notes shall not be permitted 45 116aa 116aa ATTACHMENT 'A' CARGO RATES ENABLING FACILITY 2) EFFECTIVENESS Data to be provided for filings except for add-ons, notwithstanding Resolution 001, this Resolution shall only become effective when an IATA A. Filing carrier rates agreement for an area/sub-area becomes effective B. Area/Sub-area concerned and shall remain in effect only so long as such IATA rates agreement remains in effect; unless otherwise C. Resolution Number(s) affected specifically precluded in the IATA rates agreement D. Proposed changes/additions/deletions E. Intended effective date F. Substantiation - this should show full background to the filing GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS G. Whether Government approval is required before implementation GREECE Filings to/from Greece (except between countries in the Filings must show, as applicable ECAA and Greece) regardless of whether subject to protest or not must be submitted to the Greek Authorities for approval Weightbreak(s) prior to implementation unless otherwise determined by the bilateral air service agreements Rate level(s) Sector(s) NEW ZEALAND Any applicable Notes SCR Item Number(s) Approval of Resolution 116aa is subject to the general New Zealand Government reservation on Resolution 001 SCR new descriptions, or amended descriptions regarding the obligation of carriers to file rates/charges and to the specific New Zealand Government reservation on this Resolution that approval of the Resolution does not override provisions of New Zealand bilateral air services agreements with other countries concerning rights of designated carriers to initiate tariffs and of other carriers to price match but not initiate such tariffs ULD Type ULD charge code Expiry Date Limitation by carrier, if any The intended effectiveness date may either show a. "in accordance with Subparagraph 1)e)"; or b. the date required provided it is not earlier than that shown in Subparagraph 1)e) 46 116bb 116bb SPECIAL ENABLING RESOLUTION SPECIAL ENABLING RESOLUTION (cont’d) CTC1(Mail 618)116bb (amended) Expiry: Indefinite j) Applicable to/from USA/US Territories CTC2(Mail 618)116bb (amended) Type B the filed rates and/or charges shall not reflect CTC3(Mail 618)116bb (amended) increases with respect to existing rates CTC12(Mail 618)116bb (amended) CTC31(Mail 618)116bb (amended) CTC123(Mail 618)116bb (amended) 2) EFFECTIVENESS WHEREAS coordination of cargo rates and charges is except for add-ons, notwithstanding Resolution 001, this necessary to ensure comprehensible cargo rates structures Resolution shall only become effective when an IATA and stability in the market, to the benefit of consumers, rates agreement for an area/sub-area becomes effective governments and airlines, and and shall remain in effect only so long as such IATA rates agreement remains in effect; unless otherwise WHEREAS as a consequence it is desirable that the bilateral, specifically precluded in the IATA rates agreement or multilateral rates understandings achieved in the IATA Conferences be recognised to the greatest extent possible, 3) this Resolution shall not apply whilst furthering flexibility, and a) between countries in the ECAA WHEREAS the opportunities for the rapid and orderly introduction of rates/charges should be enhanced b) to/from Japan IT IS RESOLVED that, c) from China (excluding Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR) 1) any TC Member may file to change an existing cargo rate(s)/charge(s) or introduce a new cargo b) from Thailand rate(s)/charge(s), subject to the following c) to/from Australia a) as used herein, the term ‘charges’ shall mean all charges (including minimum charges and ULD 4) this Resolution may not be applied for Alliance charges) and fees Countries by the carriers listed in Resolution 001aa b) filings should be based on the IATA Rates Tables/Resolutions c) the filing shall be submitted to the Secretary and shall contain the information in Attachment ‘A’ d) upon receipt of such filing, the Secretary shall circulate the information to all TC Members who have requested to receive filings for the area/sub- area concerned e) Except to/from USA/US Territories the effective date of any filing shall be not less than 15 days from the date of circulation by the Secretary f) expiry dates may be included in filings, provided that any such expiry date is not beyond the expiry of the applicable rates agreement, and shall not be imposed on filings g) filings for SCRs or ULD rates will only be accepted if there is a GCR structure between the same points, either specified or available through the use of add- on(s). If no such GCR structure exists then the filing carrier must file an appropriate GCR in conjunction with the SCR or ULD rate filing h) filings that include Notes shall not be permitted i) the filed rates and/or charges may be applied by any TC Member, provided that if a TC Member does not wish to apply such rates/charges, they shall notify the Secretary for circulation 47 116bb 116bb ATTACHMENT 'A' GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS Data to be provided for filings BRAZIL A. Filing carrier Any rate or charges which are filed under the provisions of B. Area/Sub-area concerned Resolution 116bb with origin or destination points in Brazil C. Resolution Number(s) affected must be filed with the Brazilian DAC and shall only be effective upon their approval D. Proposed changes/additions/deletions E. Intended effective date GREECE F. Substantiation - this should show full background to the filing Filings to/from Greece (except between countries in the G. Whether Government approval is required before ECAA and Greece) regardless of whether subject to protest implementation or not must be submitted to the Greek Authorities for approval prior to implementation unless otherwise determined by the bilateral air service agreements Filings must show, as applicable Weightbreak(s) ITALY Rate level(s) Sector(s) Any rate, practice or condition between Italy and USA/US Any applicable Notes Territories filed pursuant to Resolution 116bb by 5th and 6th SCR Item Number(s) Freedom operators must be submitted for approval to the SCR new descriptions, or amended descriptions Civil Aviation Administration, and will only come into effect ULD Type after this Administration has given its approval ULD charge code Expiry Date Limitation by carrier, if any NEW ZEALAND The intended effectiveness date may either show Approval is subject to the general New Zealand Government reservation on Resolution 001 regarding the obligation of a. "in accordance with Subparagraph 1)e)"; carriers to file rates/charges and to the specific New Zealand Government reservation on this Resolution that approval of or the Resolution does not override provisions of New Zealand bilateral air services agreements with other countries b. the date required provided it is not earlier than c o n c erning rights of designated carriers to initiate tariffs and that shown in Subparagraph 1)e) of other carriers to price match but not initiate such tariffs Administrative Arrangements Any filing made will be administered as follows a) amendments to existing rates will be incorporated into the package provided that within 15 day period no TC Member chooses non-participation b) if a TC Member chooses not to participate within 15 days of the circulation of a filing, the filing carrier's rates will not be incorporated into the agreement but will bear the filing carrier's code, unless the filing carrier advises that they wish to withdraw the filing Note: when a rate structure applicable between 2 cities is amended by a carrier coded rate, such structure will be duplicated, amended and annotated with the filing carrier's code 48 200g 200g FILING OF GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENTS GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS AND AUTHORISATIONS - CARGO Note: Some reservations dealing with Government Directives or Orders are also published under CTCCOMP(Mail 415)200g Expiry: Indefinite Resolution 001 Type A BRAZIL RESOLVED that, The Department of Civil Aviation (DAC) is the sole organ 1) any government requirement or authorisation issued to responsible for the issuance of Government Orders pursuant a TC Member, relating to commercial air transportation to Resolution 200g to the airline companies operating in in a manner at variance with approved rates or tariff Brazil. (27.11.81) regulations, shall be filed by the TC Member with the Secretary CANADA 2) TC Members shall file an exact copy of any such government requirement or authorisation (together with Rates, charges and  or practices relating thereto a translation into one of the IATA languages if required) established pursuant to orders,  or reservations of a with the Secretary within 30 days of issuance; provided foreign government shall not be applicable in respect of traffic that such filing shall not be required to or from Canada until prior authority has been granted in writing by, and appropriate tariffs have been filed with, the a) where the TC Member furnishes the transportation Canadian Transportation Agency or its authorized filing agent, pursuant to a government law or requirement IATA TACT previously filed by the TC Member with the Secretary; or Subject to obtaining the prior authority of the Agency, air b) where the requirement or authorisation refers to a carriers licensed by the Agency may establish rates, charges specified individual consignment, in which case it and  or practices for traffic to or from Canada to be shall be maintained in the TC Member's files and competitive with rates, charges and  or practices available for inspection for a period of 2 years after established pursuant to an order from a foreign government. the transportation was commenced (8.5.74) 3) any government requirement or authorisation filed by a TC Member with the Secretary pursuant to Paragraph 2) DENMARK shall be circulated to all TC Members, except when it provides free or reduced rate transportation for Rates,  and practices for transportation from/to Denmark, either directly or via connecting services, based on a) such government's military material being government orders or authorisations in accordance with IATA transported for the account of such government; or Resolution 200g, shall be submitted by the carrier concerned to the Ministry of Public Works for consideration and will be b) government property being shipped for the account applicable only if approved by the said Ministry. If granted, of such government such approval is conditional upon the same rates,  and practices being applicable to the Danish national carrier 4) unless by its  any government requirement or as well. This reservation is not applicable to a specified authorisation has a definite expiry date, the filing TC individual shipment. The national carrier, however, is not Member shall advise the Secretary for circulation to all entitled to accept orders from any foreign government without TC Members whenever such TC Member becomes the approval of the Danish authorities. (9.7.73) aware that such filed government requirement or authorisation is withdrawn or otherwise ceases to apply ETHIOPIA 5) all such requirements and authorisations circulated by the Secretary shall be subject to Paragraph 9) of Cargo rates and practices from/to/through Ethiopia which are Resolution 001 to be introduced by any airline against an order received from any other Government, pursuant to Resolution 200g, shall, prior to 35 days of its effectiveness, be submitted to the Civil Aviation Administration of the Imperial Ethiopian Government for consideration. Notice shall not be disseminated to the field offices before obtaining approval from the above referred Administration. (22.1.74) 49 200g 200g GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) FINLAND KUWAIT Rates,  and practices for transportation from/to Some air carriers operating into Kuwait are applying reduced Finland either directly or via combination based on rate transportation and/or regulations as per government procedures mentioned in IATA Resolution 200g, shall be directives from their governments without filing such rates submitted to the National Board of Aviation for consideration and/or regulations with the Civil Aviation Directorate of and will be applicable only if approved by the National Board Kuwait. As this practice is considered a violation of the of Aviation. If granted, such approval may be made governing regulations that require obtaining the approval from conditional upon the same rates,  and practices the government of the country to/from which such being made applicable to the national carrier as well. This rates/regulations are applied, the following instructions are to reservation is not applicable to a specified individual be observed shipment. The national carrier, however, is not entitled to accept orders from any foreign government without the a. Strict adherence to rates and regulations applied by approval of the National Board of Aviation. (6.3.80) IATA, such rate/regulation being filed by Kuwait Airways Corp. with the Civil Aviation Directorate of Kuwait GERMANY b. Any other rates and/or regulations to be introduced or those based on government directives for transportation Rates and practices proposed to be introduced under the to/from Kuwait should be filed with the Civil Aviation procedures referred to in Resolution 200g which are Directorate of Kuwait, either directly or through Kuwait applicable on traffic to/from Germany either directly or via Airways Corp. for approval prior to application of such combination, shall prior to any effectiveness be submitted to rates and/or regulations and approved by the German Ministry of Transport. This reservation is not applicable to a specified individual Non-adherence to the above instructions will result in shipment. Lufthansa however is not entitled to accept orders appropriate measures being taken against the violating air from any foreign government, without the approval of the carrier. (26.6.79) German Ministry of Transport MALAWI HUNGARY The reservation of the Government of Malawi on Resolution Fares, rates and practices proposed to be introduced under 001 is also applicable to Resolution 200g the procedures referred to in Resolution 200g which are applicable on traffic to/from Hungary either directly or via combination, shall prior to any effectiveness be submitted to NETHERLANDS and approved by the Hungarian Ministry of Transport This reservation is not applicable to a specified individual The Netherlands Government continues its approval of journey or shipment Resolutions 001 and 200g on the condition that fares, rates, practices and concessions concerning transportation to/from MALEV Hungarian Airlines however is not entitled to accept the Netherlands on more favourable  than those in orders from any foreign government, without the approval of effect under the  of this or any other Resolution of IATA, the Hungarian Ministry of Transport. (20.11.87) not requested for by the Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities (except those concerning individual transportation of persons or property) shall be submitted by Members to the prior JORDAN specific approval of Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities and will be applicable only if so approved and according to the Royal Jordanian shall not be required to notify or file with  contained in such approval IATA any order, Government requirements or authorisations which this Government might believe should be kept confidential The Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities reserve the right to extend the applicability to the Netherlands flag carriers of any fare, rate, practice and concession filed for the aforementioned approval according to the  of the present reservation The national carrier is not entitled to accept orders from any foreign government without the specific approval of the Netherlands Civil Aviation Authorities with the exception of orders concerning individual transportation of persons or property. (15.1.81) 50 200g 200g GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) NEW ZEALAND SWITZERLAND Rates,  and practices for transportation to and from Any foreign government order to a foreign carrier authorising New Zealand, either directly or via combination, based on a deviation from IATA Resolutions regarding rates and procedures mentioned in the IATA Resolution 200g, shall be  of transport shall not be valid for transportation submitted to the Ministry of Transport for consideration and from, to or via Switzerland without prior approval by the will be applicable only if approved by the New Zealand Federal Air Office. Furthermore, Swiss International Airlines Authorities. If granted such approval may be made conditional are not entitled to accept orders from any foreign government upon the same rates,  and practices being made without the approval of the Federal Air Office. Government applicable to the New Zealand national carrier as well. This orders concerning a specified individual shipment are reservation is not applicable to a specified individual excluded from this reservation shipment. (14.6.73) TUNISIA NORWAY Rates,  and practices for transportation to/from or Rates,  and practices for transportation from/to via Tunisia based on Government Orders or authorisations in Norway, either directly or via connecting services, based on accordance with the provisions of Resolution 200g, shall be government orders or authorisations in accordance with IATA submitted by the interested carrier to the Ministry of Resolution 200g, shall be submitted by the carrier concerned Transportation and Communications Department of Civil to the Directorate of Civil Aviation for consideration and will Aviation and will be applicable only if approved by the said be applicable only if approved by the said Administration. If authority. If granted the National carrier Tunis-Air reserves the granted, such approval is conditional upon the same rates, right to apply the same facility on its services. (4.11.77)  and practices being applicable to the Norwegian national carrier as well. This reservation is not applicable to a specified individual shipment. The national carrier, however, is not entitled to accept orders from any foreign government UNITED KINGDOM without the approval of the Norwegian Authorities. (9.7.73) In accordance with the provisions of the Air Service Agreement under which Members of the International Air SERBIA AND MONTENEGRO Transport Association operate scheduled services to and from the United Kingdom or British territory overseas the Any free or reduced cargo tariff in addition to the condition specific approval of Her Majesty's Government (The Civil thereof established in accordance with the provisions of IATA Aviation Authority) must be obtained before any fares, rates Resolution 200g, Government Orders for Free or Reduced or practices which affect the United Kingdom or British Transportation, shall be subject to approval of the Directorate territory overseas are introduced under the procedures General of Civil Aeronautics referred to in this Resolution JAT, Jugoslovenski Aerotransport, is not permitted to perform any free or reduced rate transportation under the provisions of IATA Resolution 200g without the approval of the Directorate General of Civil Aeronautics SWEDEN Rates,  and practices for transportation from/to Sweden, either directly or via connecting services, based on government orders or authorisations in accordance with IATA Resolution 200g, shall be submitted by the carrier concerned to the Board of Civil Aviation for consideration and will be applicable only if approved by the said Board. If granted, such approval is conditional upon the same rates,  and practices being made applicable to the Swedish national carrier as well. This reservation is not applicable to a specified individual shipment. The national carrier, however, is not entitled to accept orders from any foreign government without the approval of the Board of Civil Aviation. (9.7.73) 51 501 501 MINIMUM CHARGES FOR CARGO GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)501 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite INDIA Type B The Government of India does not disapprove Resolution 501 on the condition that the minimum charges for transportation RESOLVED that, between TC3 and TC1 via TC2 need not be higher than the minimum charges established for transportation between TC3 1) the minimum charge for any consignment shall be as and TC1 via the Pacific. (1.7.74) shown in Attachment 'A' 2) in determining whether a minimum charge is applicable, UNITED STATES any valuation charge or value surcharge shall not be included with the weight (or volume) charge Order 86-9-88 3) the minimum charge established by this Resolution shall 1. notwithstanding any provisions of this Resolution or any take precedence over any lower combination of other Resolution, all rates and charges established minimum charges and/or any lower charge that would pursuant to this Resolution with respect to any United result from the applicable weight and charges provided States point as an origin or destination shall be in any other Resolution, unless otherwise specifically maximums; and provided in such other Resolution 2. each and every carrier operating pursuant to this 4) this Resolution shall not apply Resolution shall be permitted to file tariffs incorporating rates and/or charges below those established by the a) between countries in the ECAA Resolution b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro, Serbia, Turkey c) from Belgium, Luxembourg to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine d) to/from Australia Attachment(s) published separately 52 501f 501f INTERNATIONAL PRIORITY SERVICE c) the acts of public authorities or their refusal or inability to perform their normal functions in a timely manner, including the actions of customs officials CTCCOMP(Mail 618)501f (amended) Expiry: Indefinite or other government authorities who control or Type B inspect consignments in international transportation d) strikes and/or work stoppages RESOLVED that, e) the inaccuracy and/or incompleteness of 1) notwithstanding any other Resolutions, a TC Member documentation, packaging, consignment and/or may undertake the transportation of international commodity description and representations made priority service on an airport to airport basis, subject to by the shipper, consignee, or their agent(s), the the  hereof untimely payment or lack of payment of necessary licenses, fees, duties, etc. by the shipper, 2) consignments accepted under this service shall be consignee, and/or their agents to other parties or given priority on a designated flight or within a governmental authorities designated time f) the inherent nature of the consignment 3) such service may be applied to interline traffic subject to obtaining the prior written concurrence of the g) acts of God or other reasons of force majeure participating carrier(s) h) consignment fails to clear customs in a timely 4) the shipper must establish in advance with the carrier manner due to inaccurate and/or insufficient that this service can be provided given the weight, customs documentation volume, packaging, dimensions and  of tender required by the carrier i) the carrier’s inability to contact the shipper, consignee or their agent on the consignment’s 5) the shipper must provide all necessary documentation, arrival at the carrier’s destination facility including the completed air waybill indicating that the consignment is to be transported under the j) failure of shipper, consignee or their agent to international priority service accept the consignment 6) such service shall not apply to 9) the carrier will not be liable for any special or consequential damages whether caused by delay or a) consignments of ‘dangerous goods’ subject to the any other reason IATA and ICAO Dangerous Goods Regulations, except those defined as Class 9 materials 10) if the shipment fails to move on the designated flights or within a designated time, a refund not to exceed the b) human remains (whether in the form of ashes or in difference between the rates for international priority coffins) service and the applicable IATA cargo rates and charges, based on the weight, may be made to the c) consignments of ‘live animals’ subject to the shipper or the consignee; provided that the refund provisions of Resolution 511 provisions shall not apply when failure to provide service is due to those reasons stated in paragraph 8) d) consignments of ‘valuable cargo’ 11) the rate for such consignments shall be 140% of the 7) such service shall be acceptable on a pre-paid or applicable rate or charge collect basis. For cash collect consignments, payment of charges must be made prior to delivery to the 12) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the consignee ECAA to/from Australia 8) the TC Member will not be held responsible when failure to provide service is due to delays caused by any one of the following a) adverse weather  b) mechanical reasons 53 502 502 LOW DENSITY CARGO GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CTC1(Mail 618)502 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite INDIA CTC2(Mail 618)502 (amended) CTC3(Mail 618)502 (amended) Type B For cut flowers and live plants the density ratio of 7000 CTC12(Mail 618)502 (amended) cu.cm will apply in India. (11.2.82) CTC23(Mail 618)502 (amended) CTC31(Mail 618)502 (amended) CTC123(Mail 618)502 (amended) RESOLVED that, 1) except as provided in Paragraph 2), consignments the extreme dimensions of which average more than 6,000 cubic cm (366 cubic in) per kg (166 cubic in per lb) shall be charged for on the basis that each 6,000 cubic cm (366 cubic in) equal one kg or 166 cubic in equal one lb, the resulting equivalents in kg or lb to be rounded up to the next higher full/half kg or full lb 2) the method of establishing the cubic volume is as follows a) the cubic volume (cubic dimensions) shall be established by applying the greatest height, the greatest length and the greatest width of the consignment or its packages b) in using linear measurements to obtain cubic measurements, a half or larger fraction of a cm/in shall be rounded up to the next higher whole cm/in, a smaller fraction shall be rounded down to the next lower whole cm/in 3) This Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 54 503 503 CHARGES IN RELATION TO VALUE CHARGES IN RELATION TO VALUE CTC1(Mail 618)503 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite the rounding units will be those shown under the CTC2(Mail 618)503 (amended) Column “Minimum Charges” in Resolution 033d CTC3(Mail 618)503 (amended) Type B CTC12(Mail 618)503 (amended) each issue of Attachment 'A' to Resolution 503 will be CTC23(Mail 618)503 (amended) circulated to all TC Members by the Secretary CTC31(Mail 618)503 (amended) CTC123(Mail 618)503 (amended) 9) This Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia RESOLVED that, Attachment(s) published separately 1) the shipper must insert in the appropriate box on the Air Waybill a declaration of value for carriage in any amount, at his option; provided that 'NVD' (No Value Declared) may constitute such a declaration 2) for goods having a declared value for carriage of GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS SDR17 per kg or less, charges for carriage shall be solely on a weight or volume basis ISRAEL 3) for goods having a declared value for carriage of more than SDR17 per kg, charges for carriage shall be on a The valuation charge for diamonds (including diamonds for weight or volume basis plus the valuation charge industrial use) transported to and from Israel will continue to specified in Paragraph 4) to be assessed on the be assessed at USD0.10 per USD100 pro rata. (30.11.77) amount by which the value for carriage exceeds SDR17 per kg 4) the charge for such excess value shall be not less than 0.75 percentum of that part of the shipper's declared value for carriage which is in excess of SDR17 per kg 504 5) value per kg shall be determined by dividing the shipper's declared value for carriage by the actual gross weight in kg of the consignment as indicated in LOWER CHARGE IN HIGHER WEIGHT CATEGORY the gross weight box on the Air Waybill 6) the valuation charge referred to in Paragraphs 3) and CTC1(02)504 Expiry: Indefinite 4) shall apply on all cargo rates (specified or CTC2(02)504 constructed) of a TC Member including joint through CTC3(02)504 Type B cargo rates of a TC Member and a non-TC carrier CTC12(02)504 participating therein CTC23(03)504 CTC31(02)504 7) declared value for carriage shall not be amended after CTC123(03)504 despatch of the consignment from the airport of departure shown on the Air Waybill RESOLVED that, when lower cargo rates or charges are applicable to consignments of larger weight or size, no 8) the local currency equivalent values of SDR17 shall be higher charge need be applied to a consignment than the published in Attachment 'A'. To establish these local minimum charge for a similar consignment in the next larger currency equivalents the following conversion rates will weight or size category be used a) the March 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for implementation from 1 June through 30 September b) the July 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for implementation from 1 October through the following 31 January c) the November 'Clearing House Monthly 5 Day Rate' for implementation from 1 February through 31 May 55 505 505 (cont’d) AIR CARGO RATES AIRPORT TO AIRPORT transit points and for inbound clearance at the airport of destination; also excluding handling performed by a TC Member where such TC CTC1(Mail 618)505 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Member operates a customs warehouse, except CTC2(Mail 618)505 (amended) storage of the completed consignment in such a CTC3(Mail 618)505 (amended) Type A warehouse until  CTC12(Mail 618)505 (amended) CTC23(Mail 618)505 (amended) e) For the Europe Sub-Area CTC31(Mail 618)505 (amended) basic carrier processing required for carriage; CTC123(Mail 618)505 (amended) excluding presentation and/or preparation and/or completion of documents required by government RESOLVED that, agencies for export and/or required for clearance at transit points and for inbound clearance at the 1) except as otherwise provided by this Tariff airport of destination; also excluding handling Conference, international air cargo rates shall apply to performed by a TC Member where such TC the actual gross weight (or volume), determined at the Member operates a customs warehouse, except airport of departure, of the air cargo for transportation storage of the complete consignment under bond in on an airport to airport basis only such a warehouse until  2) at the applicable airport to airport cargo rate, TC f) storage of consignments ready for carriage and Members may provide the following services awaiting  on the aircraft a) storage of parts of a consignment prior to the g) aircraft  execution of the Air Waybill provided that h) carriage by air i) the TC Member has received the completed but as yet unexecuted Air Waybill or completed i) transit services including Shipper's Letter of Instruction covering the consignment with the first portion of the i) transit charges (including transhipment consignment charges), as well as ii) the last portion of the consignment is received ii) customs charges and customs clearance by the TC Member within 24 hours from the charges incurred in transit and not connected time of receipt of the first portion, and the actual with the importation or exportation of a number of packages conform to the number of consignment which may be absorbed by the packages specified in the Air Waybill or transferring carrier Shipper's Letter of Instruction j) aircraft un provided that a 2-day weekend and legal holidays need not be included in the computation of the 24- k) storage of all or part of a consignment after arrival hour period; provided further that the 24-hour at the destination airport, and prior to customs period may be extended, reduced or eliminated by clearance for a period not exceeding 48 hours the TC Member following the day of arrival, except in Japan for a period not exceeding 48 hours after 8.00 hours of b) completion or execution of the Air Waybill except the day following the day of arrival at the airport of as otherwise provided in Resolution 512c destination; provided that a 2-day weekend and legal holidays need not be included in the c) acceptance (receipt) of a consignment at any of a computation of the 48-hour period, provided further TC Member's locations; but excluding transport- that the 48-hour period may be extended, reduced ation between such location(s) and the place or eliminated by the TC Member; provided further designated by the TC Member for acceptance that where TC Members serving an airport are (receipt) of freight at the airport of departure compelled to utilise a common warehouse for storage of such consignments, the 48 hours of free d) Other than the Europe Sub-Area storage as provided above shall not automatically basic carrier processing required for carriage apply to the airport concerned whether or not in a bonded area; including presentation at the airport of departure but excluding preparation and/or completion of documents required by government agencies from shipper for export and/or required for clearance at 56 505 (cont’d) 505 (cont’d) l) presentation of consignee's copy of the Air Waybill 5) where more than one airport serves the same city, air including carrier's certificate for US customs and cargo rates to or from such city shall apply to air giving notice of arrival to consignee and/or 'also transportation from or to any one of such airports, notify' party as stated on the Air Waybill and/or to either on a direct route basis or via another of such consignee's agent, and issuance of delivery order airports serving the same city; provided that between such airports, surface transportation may be m) transfer of consignments from the aircraft to a substituted for air transportation place so designated by the customs authorities at the airport of destination 6) notwithstanding Paragraphs 1) and 2), when any customs formality is required on a consignment n) Except the Europe Sub-Area imported into a country at a customs port of entry short presentation as one complete consignment at one of the final destination in that country, thus resulting in time to customs for clearance purposes, and a higher inbound entry charge than that applicable via release of consignment to consignee, or his agent, a different routing of a single international carrier or a at the place designated by the TC Member for combination of carriers, any carrier or combination of delivery of freight at the airport of destination or to carriers operating via an intermediate port of entry may customs authorities at the airport of destination absorb the inbound entry charge levied at such port of where the regulations of the country so require; this entry to the extent necessary to equalise the inbound shall not include presentation or release other than entry charge (which may be nil) levied when the final as one complete consignment at one time, when destination is served by a single international carrier or such other manner of presentation or release is a combination of carriers; provided that requested or desired by the shipper, the consignee or his agent a) any carrier or combination of carriers shall, 45 days prior to the establishment of such absorption, notify 3) Except for transportation when origin and all TC Members through the Secretary of their destination are both in ECAA intention to do so specifying any service rendered by a TC Member, whether performed by or arranged for such TC Member, in i) the route operated by such carrier or connection with the total transportation of a particular combination of carriers to the destination point consignment, and which is not involved a) included above amongst the services which may ii) the point at which such inbound entry charges be provided by a TC Member at the applicable are to be absorbed airport to airport rates; or iii) the lowest inbound entry charge applicable via b) an intrinsic part of the carriage by air (including any route(s) to the destination concerned handling and care of cargo during such carriage, but excluding any services made available to the iv) the amount which the carrier or combination of general public and not limited to shippers carriers propose to absorb, and (consignee) only); or v) the carrier or combination of carriers and the c) specifically excluded by a Tariff Conference route(s) over which the lowest inbound entry Resolution charge is applied shall not be absorbed by the TC Member and shall be b) any carrier or combination of carriers operating to charged for to the shipper or consignee as applicable the destination concerned may, during the 45-day unless otherwise agreed pursuant to this Resolution filing period, register a protest with the Secretary for circulation to all TC Members only on grounds 4) For transportation when origin and destination are that the data submitted in the filing notice is both in ECAA inaccurate or incorrect, in which case the any service rendered by a TC Member, including those absorption shall not be permitted; and in Resolutions 508e, 509e, 512e, 522e, whether performed by or arranged for such TC Member, in c) if during the 45-day filing period no such protest is connection with the total transportation of a particular lodged, or if the inaccuracy or incorrectness in the consignment need not be absorbed by the TC Member filing notice is rectified prior to the end of the filing and may be charged for to the shipper or consignee period, the filing carrier or combination of carriers and any other carrier or combination of carriers operating to the same destination via the same intermediate customs port of entry may equalise the charges applicable 57 505 (cont’d) 7) Except for transportation when origin and destination are both in ECAA TC Members shall not absorb transportation or allied taxes levied on air cargo rates and charges, or levied on the issuance of Air Waybills, but shall collect such taxes directly from the shipper or consignee 8) For transportation when origin and destination are both in ECAA TC Members need not absorb transportation or allied taxes levied on air cargo rates and charges, or levied on the issuance of Air Waybills, but may collect such taxes directly from the shipper or consignee 9) if a government  its approval of Paragraph 1) of this Resolution, such condition shall be deemed to be a disapproval of the Resolution and the Resolution shall cease to be effective and shall be referred back to TC Members for further consideration and action; in this context, a government requirement that carriers file notices or submit copies of filings shall not be deemed a condition 10) this Resolution shall not come into or remain in effect unless Resolution 507b comes into and remains in effect 11) This Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 58 507b 507b (cont’d) USE OF SURFACE TRANSPORTATION v) carriage of the consignment on such carrier's air services cannot be accomplished within 24 hours of acceptance of the consignment or CTCCOMP(Mail 618)507b (amended) Expiry: Indefinite within 24 hours of its arrival at a connecting Type A point vi) carriage of the consignment in such carrier's air RESOLVED that, services will result in a missed connection 1) WHEN AVAILABLE 2) WHERE AVAILABLE a) Except for transportation when origin and the routing by surface means permitted in Paragraph destination are both in ECAA 1) may be effected only within the country of origin notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any and/or destination shown on the face of the Air other Resolution, TC Members may route at the Waybill, or between either of such countries and a through air rate applicable for carriage between the country immediately adjacent thereto; provided that airport of departure and airport of destination routing by surface means shall be at the air carrier's shown on the face of the Air Waybill a consignment option and not subject to the  in via surface means over the first and/or last Subparagraphs 1)b)i) through vi) sector(s) of the route as shown on the face of the Air Waybill where routing of such consignment over a) within the Europe Sub-area the services of the air carrier originally entitled to carry the consignment over such sector(s) cannot b) from Congo (Kinshasa), Rwanda and Burundi to be accomplished due to any one of the following Uganda reasons c) within Zambia b) For transportation when origin and destination are both in ECAA 3) BY WHOM EFFECTED notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other Resolution, TC Members may route a a) the routing by surface means permitted in consignment via surface means over the first Paragraph 1) may be effected only by the air and/or last sector(s) of the route as shown on the carrier originally entitled to carry the consignment face of the Air Waybill where routing of such from the point where such surface means are to be consignment over the services of the air carrier used, except that the issuing air carrier may effect originally entitled to carry the consignment over such routing as long as the consignment is under such sector(s) cannot be accomplished due to any its custody. Where surface means is to be used on one of the following reasons the last sector of the route, the air carrier delivering the consignment to the point where such last sector i) lack of available cargo space on such carrier's commences shall also be entitled to effect such air services routing pursuant to Paragraph 1). As used herein 'air carrier' shall include such air carrier's General ii) size, weight or nature of the consignment is Agent, General Sales Agent and/or Handling such that it cannot be accommodated on the Agent, but not an IATA Approved Sales type of aircraft operated by such carrier Agent/IATA Cargo Agent unless such IATA Approved Sales Agent/IATA Cargo Agent is also iii) such air carrier refuses to accept the the air carrier's General Agent, General Sales consignment Agent and/or Handling Agent iv) carriage of the consignment on such carrier's b) where routing on the Air Waybill is totally or air services will delay its arrival at partially incomplete, an air carrier preceding such open portion is authorised to complete the routing, aa) the connecting point, where surface in which case it shall be deemed to be acting on transportation is to be used on the first behalf of the issuing air carrier; the routing so sector, or completed shall be determinative in the application of Paragraphs 1) and 3)a) hereof bb) the final destination, where surface transportation is to be used on the last c) where the air carrier entitled to route the sector; consignment by surface means determines the existence of any one of the  set forth in Subparagraphs 1)b)i) through vi), such air carrier shall be entitled to effect the routing of such a consignment and any other consignment(s) under his custody at that time by surface means under the  of this Resolution whether or not subsequent to the time at which such determination was made, the  justifying the routing by surface means cease to exist 59 507b (cont’d) 4) MINIMUM TOTAL CHARGES Except for transportation when origin and destination are both in ECAA where substitution of air transportation by surface transportation is effected pursuant to this Resolution, total charges to the shipper and/or consignee shall not be less than the total charges (including, but without limitation, the airport-to-airport cargo rates, and any other charges) that would have been applicable had the consignment been carried completely by air; such total charges shall be applicable whether or not the consignment is physically carried to or from the airport of departure or the airport of destination 5) DOCUMENTATION where pursuant to this Resolution an air carrier routes the consignment via surface means, it shall indicate on all remaining copies of the Air Waybill the fact that surface transportation is to be used, specifying the sectors involved and the reason(s) for the use of such surface transportation 6) TIE-IN this Resolution shall not come into or remain in effect unless Resolution 505 comes into and remains in effect 7) TC1, TC12, TC31, TC123 this Resolution shall not apply to sectors within USA in respect of transportation to or from USA 8) This Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 60 509 CHARGES FOR DISBURSEMENTS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)509 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type B RESOLVED that, 1) subject to the  of Resolution 614, the following charges for collection of disbursements shall apply 2) a charge of 10%, but not less than USD20, (except in Brunei Darussalam 10%, but not less than BND50 and except in Singapore 8%, but not less than USD17) shall be made for collection by a TC Member from the consignee of a disbursement which shall not be in any case in excess of the air freight charge indicated on the Air Waybill, except that when the air freight charge is less than USD100, disbursements of up to USD100 (up to USD300 in Hong Kong SAR ) shall be permitted 3) for traffic to Zambia the maximum amount(s) of any disbursement shall not be more than USD100 4) such charge shall accrue to the issuing carrier 5) TC Members shall not undertake to collect any amount(s) in a country for which local agreement has been reached not to accept charges collect consignments 6) notwithstanding the amounts in US Dollars mentioned above, the local currency amounts shown in Attachment 'A' shall apply in the countries listed therein 7) this Resolution shall not apply for traffic to Algeria 8) this Resolution shall not apply in ECAA (see Resolution 509e) 9) this Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia ATTACHMENT 'A' The following local currency amounts shall apply in the countries listed below With respect to: Paras. 2) Para. 2) and 3) and reference to: USD100 USD20 Code Canada CAD 130 32.50 Eritrea USD 81 16 Ethiopia USD 81 16 Japan JPY 25,000 5,000 Korea (Rep. of) KRW 129,000 25,800 Malaysia MYR 282 57 Namibia NAD 200 40 New Zealand NZD 190 37 Saudi Arabia SAR 375 75 South Africa ZAR 600 120 Thailand THB 4,000 800 61 509e 511 CHARGES FOR DISBURSEMENTS RATES FOR LIVE ANIMALS ECAA CTCCOMP(Mail 618)511 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC1(Mail 168)509e (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type B CTC2(43)509e (amended) CTC12(55)509e (amended) Type A CTC23(43)509e (amended) RESOLVED that, CTC123(47)509e (amended) 1) for the carriage of live animals (other than baby poultry RESOLVED that, in ECAA less than 72 hours old), the rate shall be 175% of the N rate 1) subject to the  of Resolution 614, a charge may be established for the collection of disbursements Exception: TC3, TC23, TC31 the rate shall be 150% of the N rate 2) any such charge shall be collected by a TC Member from the consignee of a disbursement 2) for baby poultry less than 72 hours old, the rate shall be the N rate 3) any such charge shall accrue to the issuing carrier 3) the minimum charge for consignments under this 4) TC Members shall not undertake to collect any Resolution shall be 200% of the applicable minimum amount(s) in a country for which local agreement has charge specified in Resolution 501 been reached not to accept charges collect consignments 4) the above charges shall be applicable to carriage of both the animal and its container, subject to the provisions of Resolution 508 5) notwithstanding the foregoing, TC Members may establish in accordance with the appropriate SCRs Resolutions, special cargo rates for any items listed above 6) this Resolution shall not apply a) between countries in the ECAA b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro, Serbia, Turkey c) from Belgium, Luxembourg to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine d) from and within South West Pacific e) to/from Australia 62 511a RATES FOR LIVE ANIMALS SOUTH WEST PACIFIC CTC3(Mail 618)511a (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC23(Mail 618)511a (amended) CTC31(Mail 618)511a (amended) Type B CTC123(Mail 618)511a (amended) RESOLVED that, notwithstanding Resolution 511 1) for the carriage of live animals from and within the South West Pacific Sub-area the cargo rate shall be 200% of the applicable GCR 2) the minimum charge for consignments under this Resolution shall be the applicable minimum charge specified in Resolution 501 increased by 100% 3) the above charges shall be applicable to carriage of both the animal and its container, subject to the provisions of Resolution 508 4) notwithstanding the foregoing, TC Members may establish in accordance with the appropriate SCRs Resolution, special cargo rates for live animals 5) this Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 63 512c 512c ATTACHMENT 'A' CHARGE FOR PREPARATION OF AIR WAYBILL The documentation charge in the countries listed below shall not be less than the amounts shown CTC1(Mail 618)512c (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(Mail 618)512c (amended) Code Amount CTC3(Mail 618)512c (amended) Type B CTC12(Mail 618)512c (amended) Algeria DZD 500 CTC23(Mail 618)512c (amended) Bangladesh USD 0.50 CTC31(Mail 618)512c (amended) Benin/Burkina Faso/Côte d'Ivoire/ CTC123(Mail 618)512c (amended) Mali/Niger/Senegal/Togo XOF 4,000 Bosnia and Herzegovina EUR 5 RESOLVED that, Brunei Darussalam BND 15 Cameroon/Central African Republic/ 1) a documentation charge shall be made when the TC Chad/Congo (Brazzaville)/ Member or its Agent (e.g. IATA Cargo Agent or Equatorial Guinea/Gabon XAF 4,000 General Sales Agent) issues or completes the Air China (excl. Hong Kong SAR and Waybill; provided that where the Air Waybill is issued Macao SAR) CNY 50 and completed accurately by such Agent, including Comoros KMF 2,600 itemisation of costs and completion of the charges box, Croatia EUR 5 the Agent shall be entitled to retain such charge Cuba USD 3.20 Eritrea USD 4 2) the documentation charge may be collected from the Ethiopia USD 4 shipper or consignee India USD 3.70 Iran IRR 37,000 3) except as shown in Attachment A the documentation Japan JPY 200 charge shall be Korea (Rep. of) KRW 3,100 Lebanon USD 11 a) USD 15.00 in TC1 (except in Canada, USA), TC2 Macedonia (FYROM) EUR 5 and TC3 Malawi MWK 350 Malaysia MYR 5 4) this Resolution shall not apply in ECAA (see Mauritania MRO 529 Resolution 512e) or to/from Australia Montenegro EUR 10 Morocco MAD 25 Mozambique (Domestic) MZN 250 Mozambique (International) MZN 750 Namibia NAD 55 Nigeria USD 5 Pakistan PKR 250 Papua New Guinea PGK 25 Saudi Arabia SAR 25 Serbia EUR 10 Singapore SGD 10 South Africa ZAR 85 Sri Lanka USD 0.50 Tanzania USD 5 Thailand THB 40 Yemen YER 2,450 Zimbabwe USD 10 64 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CANADA Charges for preparation of Air Waybills shall not be applicable in respect of traffic to or from Canada unless specifically provided for in airline tariffs in effect and on file with the Canadian Transportation Agency or its authorized filing agent, IATA TACT 65 512e CHARGE FOR PREPARATION OF AIR WAYBILL ECAA CTC1(Mail 168)512e Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(43)512e CTC12(55)512e Type B CTC23(43)512e CTC123(47)512e RESOLVED that, in ECAA 1) a documentation charge may be established when a TC Member or its Agent (e.g. IATA Cargo Agent or General Sales Agent) issues or completes the Air Waybill; provided that where the Air Waybill is issued and completed accurately by such Agent, including itemisation of costs and completion of the charges box, the Agent shall be entitled to retain such charge 2) any such documentation charge may be collected from the shipper or consignee 66 513 513 CHARGES ON MIXED CONSIGNMENTS CHARGES ON MIXED CONSIGNMENTS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)513 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite f) from Japan, Korea (Dem. Rep. of), Korea (Rep. of), Type B from USA to TC3 except South Asian Subcontinent, South West Pacific 'dangerous goods' subject to the IATA Dangerous Goods RESOLVED that, Regulations g) notwithstanding the above, mixed consignments of 1) CHARGES: WEIGHT/VOLUME human remains and personal effects shall be permitted where the personal effects are those of a) a mixed consignment shall be charged by applying the deceased and they are accompanied by a to the weight (or volume) of the entire consignment declaration to this effect the applicable GCR 4) DANGEROUS GOODS b) notwithstanding Subparagraph a), when the consignor (shipper) declares separately the weight if a mixed consignment consists in part of articles (or volume) and contents of each package in the subject to the IATA Dangerous Goods Regulations, consignment, the appropriate cargo rate to the such articles must be offered separately and clearly weight (or volume) of each package as if shipped indicated in the 'Nature and Quantity of Goods separately may be applied to such package and (including dimensions or volume)' box on the Air the weight of the packaging of the consignment or Waybill as dangerous goods part thereof shall be charged on the basis of the highest rated article in such consignment or part 5) AREA OF APPLICATION thereof, as appropriate; provided that when 2 or more packages in the consignment come under the this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the same description and qualify for the same cargo ECAA or to/from Australia rate and , except for the individual weights (or volume), then i) the charges for such packages shall be based on their total weight (or volume) ii) each separately rated group of items shall be listed together and sub-totalled separately, so that the weights applicable to each cargo rate shall be readily identifiable 2) CHARGES: VALUATION, MINIMUM valuation charges and minimum charges shall be assessed on the entire consignment in accordance with the appropriate Resolution 3) EXCLUDED ARTICLES mixed consignments shall not include a) 'Valuable Cargo' b) 'Live Animals' c) 'Human Remains' (whether in the form of ashes or in coffins) d) 'Diplomatic Bags' rated in accordance with the provisions of Resolution 580 e) 'Baggage Shipped as Cargo' as defined and rated in accordance with the provisions of Resolution 598 67 514 CHARGEABLE WEIGHT FOR CONSIGNMENTS IN ULDS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)514 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type B RESOLVED that, 1) where charges for ULDs are not otherwise specified, transportation charges for a) consignments containing one or more pieces in excess of the dimensions of the ULDs used for transportation, or b) consignments which totally or partially prevent other freight from being loaded on the same ULDs due to special tie- down requirements, or c) consignments for which a shipper requires exclusive use of the ULDs d) consignments which require special  procedures in the cargo compartment such as centre , zone , local tie-down over more than one ULD position and/or over-hanging may be assessed at the rate applicable to the consignment based on the greater of the following the actual or dimensional weight of the consignment, excluding the weight of the ULD and tie-down equipment the minimum chargeable weight per ULD required to transport such consignment, as specified in Attachment 'A'. When more than one ULD position is required, whether in total or in part, the minimum chargeable weight shall be multiplied by the total number of ULD positions required Note: if the consignment must be unloaded from one ULD and reloaded onto another ULD, transportation charges will be based on the original ULD 2) any TC Member may file with the Secretary minimum chargeable weights for specific ULDs to be reflected in Attachment 'A'; upon receipt of such filing, the Secretary shall circulate the information to all TC Members 3) such filing shall include full details of the ULD, and any limitation on the area of application of the minimum chargeable weight. The minimum chargeable weight so filed shall not be less than that resulting from the application of the density provisions of Resolution 502 to the notional volumes detailed in Resolution 523 4) filed minimum chargeable weights may be applied by any TC Member; provided that if a TC Member does not wish to apply such minimum chargeable weight they shall notify the Secretary for circulation to all TC Members 5) this Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 68 514 ATTACHMENT 'A' CHARGEABLE WEIGHT FOR CONSIGNMENTS IN ULDS Maximum ULD Minimum Dimensions Chargeable Weight Class (in Inches) per ULD Unit Description Rating Kg 1 96 x 238.5 x 96 5,540 1P 96 x 196 x 96 4,935 2 96 x 125 x 96 2,860 2AA 88 x 125 x 88 2,390 2B 96 x 125 x 72 2,130 2D 88 x 125 x 86 2,330 2R 96 x 117.75 x 96 2,685 2W 96 x 125 x 64 2,265 2WA 96 x 125 x 64 2,500 3A 88 x 125 x 81.25 2,240 4 88 x 108 x 86 1,845 4A 88 x 108 x 80 1,700 5A 88 x 125 x 64 1,720 5WA 88 x 125 x 64 2,125 6 60.4 x 125 x 64 1,155 6W 60.4 x 125 x 64 1,460 7/7 88 x 61.5 x 86 1,015 8A 60.4 x 61.5 x 45 590 8B 60.4 x 61.5 x 64 800 8C 60.4 x 61.5 x 64 550 8F 88 x 53 x 63 765 9 88 x 53 x 76 885 Narrow Body/Upper Deck 3 88 x 125 x 86 2,100 Wide Body/Upper Deck 2A 88 x 125 x 96 2,610 2C 88 x 125 x 118 3,220 2H 96 x 125 x 118 3,525 2Q 96 x 125 x 96 2,750 Wide Body/Lower Deck 2BG 96 x 125 x 64 1,895 5 88 x 125 x 64 1,630 5W 88 x 125 x 64 2,170 Full Size/Lower Deck 6A 96 x 60.4 x 64 1,110 Full Size/Lower Deck 7A 96 x 60.4 x 64 950 Half Size/Lower Deck 8 60.4 x 61.5 x 64 710 8D 47 x 60.4 x 64 565 From India to TC1 (via Atlantic) Wide Body/Upper Deck 2Q 96 x 125 x 96 3,200 Wide Body/Lower Deck 5 88 x 125 x 64 2,200 69 514 ATTACHMENT 'A' Maximum ULD Minimum Dimensions Chargeable Weight Class (in Inches) per ULD Unit Description Rating Kg From India, Pakistan to TC2 Wide Body/Upper Deck 2A 88 x 125 x 96 3,200 2Q 96 x 125 x 96 3,200 Wide Body/Lower Deck 2BG 96 x 125 x 64 2,200 5 88 x 125 x 64 2,200 From India to TC3 Wide Body/Upper Deck 2A 88 x 125 x 96 3,000 2Q 96 x 125 x 96 3,000 Wide Body/Lower Deck 2BG 96 x 125 x 64 2,000 5 88 x 125 x 64 2,000 From Korea (Rep. of) to Canada, USA 1 96 x 238.5 x 96 5,000 2 96 x 125 x 96 2,530 2A 88 x 125 x 96 2,390 2H 96 x 125 x 118 3,040 3 88 x 125 x 86 1,960 5 88 x 125 x 64 1,690 8 60.4 x 61.5 x 64 680 70 519 519 ATTACHMENT 'A' FEE FOR CHARGES COLLECT CTCCOMP(Mail 618)519 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite The minimum fee in local selling currency for charges collect Type A services in the countries listed below shall be as follows except individual charges which are Type B Code Amount Algeria DZD 1000 RESOLVED that, Angola USD 17 Belize USD 20 1) when the weight and valuation charge on the Air Brunei Darussalam BND 30 Waybill are shown for collection from the consignee, a Canada CAD 20 charges collect fee shall be charged. The fee for such Costa Rica USD 20 charges collect services shall be not less than 5% of Croatia EUR 10 the weight and valuation charges amount (15% in Cuba USD 12 Angola, 8% in Oman); provided that the amounts Egypt EGP 86 indicated above shall be subject to a minimum amount El Salvador USD 20 as set forth in Paragraph 3) Eritrea USD 8 Ethiopia USD 8 2) when charges collect services are performed for Gibraltar GIP 8 amounts other than the weight and valuation charges Guatemala USD 20 on the Air Waybill a charges collect fee may also be Honduras USD 20 charged provided that such amount shall be subject to Iraq USD 19 a minimum amount as set forth in Paragraph 3) Japan JPY 3,000 Korea (Rep. of) KRW 12,900 3) the fee for charges collect services shall in no case be Kuwait KWD 4 less than USD10 per consignment (or the equivalent Lebanon USD 13 amount in local selling currency, such amount to be Malaysia MYR 24 converted at the local banker's selling rate of Montenegro EUR 10 exchange) except as specified in Attachment 'A' Morocco MAD 135 Namibia NAD 25 4) the fee for charges collect services shall be assessed New Zealand NZD 45 by and accrue to the last carrier Nicaragua USD 20 Panama USD 20 5) this Resolution shall not apply Saudi Arabia SAR 50 Serbia EUR 10 a) in Albania, Iran, Nigeria Singapore SGD 15 South Africa ZAR 100 b) in ECAA and Australia Thailand THB 400 Tunisia TND 10 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS ISRAEL Paragraph 3) of Resolution 519 will not be applicable to the charges collect fee in Israel 71 522 522 CHARGES FOR THE USE OF TC MEMBER OWNED Use by Entities other than TC Members ULDS e) subject to Subparagraph a), ULDs owned by a TC Member shall not be provided to entities other than CTCCOMP(Mail 618)522 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite TC Members gratuitously; provided that a charge Type A shall not be obligatory if a TC Member for except charges in Attachment 'A' which are Type B operational reason employs a spreader, or similar load distributional device, for the handling of transportation of a consignment RESOLVED that, 3) CONTOURED ULDS 1) the provisions of Cargo Services Conference Resolution 680 shall apply notwithstanding anything herein or in Resolution 502, registered contoured ULDs shall be assessed 2) for the purpose of this Resolution when a consignment volumetric charges on the basis of actual volume in whole or in part is to be carried in or on a ULD occupied by such contoured ULDs owned by a TC Member 4) notwithstanding the amounts in US Dollars specified in a) it shall be the responsibility of the TC Member to Subparagraph 2)c), the local currency amounts shown determine that the consignment is packaged so in Attachment 'A' shall apply in the countries listed that it can be carried separately from such ULD, in therein which case 5) this Resolution shall not apply in ECAA or/to from i) charges shall be based on the gross weight (or Australia volume in accordance with Resolution 502) of such consignment, excluding the actual tare weight of the ULD ii) the leasing charge provided in Subparagraph c) need not apply ATTACHMENT 'A' b) if the consignment is not packaged so that it can be carried separately from such ULD, charges shall be The following local currency amounts shall apply for based on the gross weight (or volume) of such payment in the countries listed below, in respect of consignment, including the weight of the ULD Subparagraph 2)c) Leasing Charges a) with respect to reference to USD 0.20 c) TC Members may lease permanent ULD to entities Saudi Arabia SAR 0.75 other than a TC Member(s) in which case there shall be a minimum charge of USD0.20, or b) with respect to reference to USD 3 equivalent, for each 10 cubic feet (0.2832 cubic metre) or fraction thereof, but in no case less than Saudi Arabia SAR 11 USD3, or equivalent, per ULD per single trip; disposable ULDs, i.e. the design or construction of which makes them unsuitable for use on more than a single trip, shall not be leased d) in the event a TC Member shall lease a ULD for more than a single trip, charges shall be not less than the exact multiple of the leasing charge for a single trip applicable under Subparagraph c). In all cases, a leasing charge for each trip shall be inserted on the Air Waybill as a non-transportation charge 72 523 STANDARD AIRCRAFT ULDS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)523 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type A RESOLVED that, 1) when referred to in each respective TC Resolution, the specifications of individual ULDs shown in the IATA ULD Regulations (ULDR) shall apply. 2) where permitted, the actual tare weight of the ULD shall be used in calculating the 'basis of charge' for non-TC Member owned aircraft ULDs. Note: The actual tare weight of the ULD is marked on the manufacturer’s plate attached to the ULD. 3) this Resolution shall not apply to/from Australia 73 530 530 RATES AND/OR CHARGES RATES AND/OR CHARGES FOR UNITISED CONSIGNMENTS FOR UNITISED CONSIGNMENTS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)530 Expiry: 30 September 2026 f) where a consignment consists of 2 or more CTCCOMP(Mail002/12)530 (amended) Type B ULDs, the minimum chargeable weight shall be CTCCOMP(Mail 762)530 the sum of the minimum chargeable weights for the individual ULDs in such consignment RESOLVED that, g) for the purposes of determining the weight 1) APPLICATION charge, consignments shall be charged at the actual gross weight of the consignment, except as provided in Resolution 014b ULD rates and/or excluding the tare weight of the ULD charges shall be those set forth in Attachments ‘A’ and ‘B’ a) the consignments must be delivered to the carrier ready for carriage at the airport of departure named 3) COMBINATIONS on the air waybill and subsequently delivered loaded combinations only permitted with domestic rates to the consignee at the airport of destination b) the consignment must be carried in the same ULD from airport of departure to airport of destination and 4) RECONTOURING OR UN only between those airports where service can be notwithstanding Paragraph 1), when a carrier must provided recontour or unload the ULDs in accordance with Resolution 680, a charge may be levied by the c) the ULDs shall be those registered in accordance carrier. with Resolution 683 and described in Resolution 523 d) the air waybill shall bear the IATA ID Code(s) of the ULDs used 5) AREA OF APPLICATION this Resolution shall not apply between countries in e) the provisions of Resolution 680 shall apply the ECAA or to/from Australia b) unless otherwise specified in the Attachment hereto the Minimum Chargeable Weight for ULDs shall be 6) this Resolution is subject to Resolution 001aa as specified in Attachment ‘A’ to Resolution 514 Attachment A published separately 2) BASIS OF CHARGES a) the rate per kg and/or the charge for the consignment shall be as shown in Attachment 'A' b) the charge for the consignment shall consist of a minimum charge for the ULDs used, plus an over pivot charge, if applicable, for any weight in excess of the minimum chargeable weight c) where a minimum charge is not specified it shall be calculated by multiplying the “at pivot” rate by the minimum chargeable weight for the ULD d) the over pivot charge shall be calculated by multiplying the weight in excess of the minimum chargeable weight by the “over pivot” rate as shown in Attachment ‘A’ e) the minimum charge for the ULDs used, or the rate per kg to apply “at pivot”, the applicable minimum chargeable weights, and the “over pivot” rate(s) (where applicable) shall be as shown in Attachments 74 550 580 GCRS DIPLOMATIC BAGS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)550 Expiry: 30 September 2026 CTCCOMP(Mail 618)580 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite (amended) Type B Type B CTCCOMP(Mail 762)530 RESOLVED that, RESOLVED that, 1) except as provided in Resolution 014b, GCRs shall be 1) diplomatic bags shall be carried in accordance with those set forth in Attachments special procedures agreed upon, either between the government and its national air carrier, or between the 2) subject to Resolution 014b, GCRs specified between government and a foreign air carrier, when also any 2 points in Attachments take precedence over any selected thereby lower combination of intermediate GCRs applicable between the same points 2) the cargo rate for carriage of diplomatic bags by a TC Member for its own government shall be that agreed 3) this Resolution shall not apply upon between the TC Member and its government a) between countries in the ECAA 3) the cargo rate for carriage of diplomatic bags by a TC Member of a government other than its own b) from Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, government shall be XDR4 per tonne-kilometre; Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, provided that the minimum charge shall be XDR50 per Croatia, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), consignment; provided further that on routes where a Montenegro, Serbia, Turkey lower cargo rate or minimum charge has been agreed upon between the originating government and its c) from Belgium, Luxembourg national air carrier, such lower cargo rate or charge to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, may be used Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine 4) diplomatic cargo shall be carried under an ordinary d) to/from Australia IATA Air Waybill at not less than the applicable IATA cargo rates 4) this Resolution is subject to Resolution 001aa 5) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the ECAA or to/from Australia Attachment(s) published separately GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS CANADA The Canadian Transportation Agency requires rates to be filed in cargo tariffs. Special rates for particular governments must be specifically approved by the Agency before tariff provision therefore could be filed 75 590 590 (cont’d) SCRs CTCCOMP(Mail 618)530 Expiry: 30 September 2026 6) AREA OF APPLICATION CTCCOMP(Mail002/12)530 (amended) Type B CTCCOMP(Mail 762)530 this Resolution shall not apply RESOLVED that, a) between countries in the ECAA 1) except as provided in Resolution 014b, SCRs shall be b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, those set forth in Attachments Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, 2) EQUALISATION OF SCRS Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro, Serbia ,Turkey TC Members may put into effect between the same points any SCR established in accordance with this c) from Belgium, Luxembourg Resolution; except that when a more specific to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, description is established which carries a higher SCR Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine than the lower SCR already established for a broader description, any TC Member which has in effect the d) to/from Australia lower SCR must put into effect such higher SCR 7) this Resolution is subject to Resolution 001aa 3) PRECEDENCE OF SCRS AND COMMODITY DESCRIPTIONS Attachment(s) published separately when a commodity can be classified and shipped under different descriptions, the more specific description applicable between the points and in the same direction to which the SCR applies shall be used, notwithstanding that a higher charge results; provided that a less specific description applicable to both a lower minimum weight and at a higher SCR than a more specific description may be used until the more specific description at a higher minimum weight and lower SCR becomes applicable 4) SPECIFIC COMMODITY CONTAINER RATES a) in the application of specific commodity container rates the provisions of Resolutions 523, 530 and 680 shall apply b) if a TC Member must recontour and/or unload the ULD in accordance with Resolution 680, a charge may be levied by the carrier. 5) COMBINATION AND CONSTRUCTION OF RATES a SCR shall apply between the points for which the rate is specified; provided that combination is only permitted with domestic rates and/or Canada/USA transborder rates and construction is permitted with add-ons 76 590 590 GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS GOVERNMENT RESERVATIONS (cont'd) CANADA UNITED STATES Where combination of specific commodity rates with other Order 84-11-9 rates is not to be permitted that fact must be clearly indicated in the tariff in which such specific commodity rates 1. approval shall not constitute approval of the specific are published by the air carrier, effective and on file with the commodity descriptions contained therein for purposes Canadian Transportation Agency of tariff publication The Canadian Transportation Agency will not, other than for 2. where a specific commodity rate is published for a exceptional cause, extend special tariff filing permission to specified minimum weight at a level lower than the cover cancellation of existing specific commodity rates on general commodity rate applicable for such weight, less than the full thirty days statutory notice required under and where a general commodity rate is published for a its regulations greater minimum weight at a level lower than such specific commodity rate, the specific commodity rate Acceptance of these Resolutions is further conditioned by shall be extended to all such greater minimum weights the express stipulation that it is without prejudice to rejection at the applicable general commodity rate level or disallowance by the Canadian Transportation Agency of any reflecting tariff provision that may be found, upon filing with the Agency, to be insufficiently clear or in any way improper under its regulations. (1.7.74) NEW ZEALAND Nothing in Resolution 014b and 590 shall prohibit carriers serving New Zealand combining International Specific Commodity Rates from New Zealand with Incentive Rates established by the New Zealand National Airways Corporation and published from time to time in their Tariffs; further that such Incentive Rates shall be considered to be domestic rates for the purpose of these Resolutions. (16.10.74) SOUTH AFRICA The Government of the Republic of South Africa  its approval of IATA Resolutions 014b and 590 to the extent that nothing in said Resolutions shall prohibit SAA combining its specially established domestic specific commodity rates in order to construct through rates; further that such specially established domestic specific commodity rates shall be considered to be domestic rates for the purpose of these Resolutions. (18.6.74) SWITZERLAND The restriction 'excluding steamship machinery parts, motorship machinery parts' as contained in the descriptions of IATA Specific Commodity Rate Items No. 4499, 4702 and 9704 shall not apply for transportation to and from Switzerland. (8.2.1977) 77 590aa SCRS ITEM NUMBERS AND DESCRIPTION GUIDE CTC1(22)590aa (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(28)590aa (amended) CTC3(23)590aa (amended) Type B CTC12(41)590aa (amended) CTC23(29)590aa (amended) CTC31(25)590aa (amended) CTC123(31)590aa (amended) RESOLVED that, in order to simplify and standardise SCRs item numbers and descriptions, the allocation of such shall be subject to the following  1) the SCR Description Writers' Guidelines, and the SCR Item Numbers and Description Guide shall be as shown in Attachments 'A' and 'B' 2) the Secretary shall establish new item numbers and amend existing item numbers and the wording of such in accordance with the SCR Description Writers' Guidelines 3) any changes to item numbers and/or descriptions shall be circulated to all TC Members 4) item numbers and descriptions are unique and are applicable worldwide 5) SCR Item Numbers and the Description Guide shall be reissued periodically subject to the following a) if no rates exist under an item number, the item number and description will continue to be published for a 2 year period b) if unused during a 2 year period, such item number and description will automatically be deleted 6) descriptions shall be reviewed every 5 years 7) SCR Item Numbers and the Description Guide shall be reissued periodically Attachment 'B' published separately 78 590aa ATTACHMENT 'A' SCRS DESCRIPTION WRITERS' GUIDELINES INTRODUCTION The purpose of the "Description Writers' Guidelines" is to provide Member Airlines and IATA with uniform rules to follow when establishing descriptions for SCRs GENERAL RULES Descriptions shall be written in English with all spelling in accordance with Webster's Dictionary Descriptions must be accurate and avoid ambiguity; a longer, more explicit description is more acceptable than a shorter, incomplete and obscure description When reviewing or making a new description either for mixtures or composite goods, goods should be classified by the material or component which gives them their essential character Abbreviations Abbreviations such as N.E.S. (Not Elsewhere Specified), VIZ, IE, EG, ETC, and abbreviated words such as TV-SETS shall not be used Brand and Company Names Brand and company names shall not be used within a description unless considered to be the generic name of the item Carrier References Carrier names shall not be used in a description; the rate alone shall be annotated Geographical References Geographical points of origin of an item shall not be used within a description Qualifications Qualifications of opposite meaning shall not be used to indicate that no restriction applies (a description with no qualification indicates that no restriction applies) Example: MANICURE CASES, FITTED OR UNFITTED shall read MANICURE CASES PUNCTUATION The following punctuation shall be used throughout descriptions and shall be defined as follows "," means "and" "or" "/" means "and" "plus" "or" means "or" "–" means hyphenation (joining 2 words together) Example: semi–precious "– .. –" means general qualification applying to all previous items in the description Example: MEAT, VEGETABLES – FRESH – "( .. )" means specific qualification applying to the item immediately preceding it in the description Example 1: FOODSTUFFS (EXCLUDING STRAWBERRIES), SPICES, BEVERAGES 2: PHOTOCOPYING MACHINES (INCLUDING ACCESSORIES, SUPPLIES) A full stop "." shall not be used in descriptions "–" meaning a hyphenation to split one word at the end of a line shall not be used in descriptions 79 590aa ATTACHMENT 'A' PRESENTATION 1. Each description shall begin on a new line 2. Where several items are contained in a description, and these items are split into "groupings", show these groupings under Sections A:, B:, C:. Each section shall begin on a new line Example: MACHINES FOR A: PROCESSING METAL, TEXTILES, PLASTIC B: ABRADING, GRINDING, CUTTING, POLISHING (Note: this method of presentation does not exclude the possibility of amalgamating items from each section) 3. Where 'Accessories' and 'Supplies' are to be included, these should follow the item(s) concerned Example 1: PHOTOCOPYING MACHINES (INCLUDING ACCESSORIES, SUPPLIES) 2: RADIOS, TELEVISIONS, RECORD PLAYERS, TAPE RECORDERS, LOUDSPEAKERS, AMPLIFIERS – INCLUDING ACCESSORIES – 4. Where exceptions to a description apply, these should be listed under the word "EXCLUDING" If the "EXCLUDING" pertains to only one item, this shall follow the item in parenthesis Example: ELECTRIC EQUIPMENT (EXCLUDING MACHINERY) If the "EXCLUDING" pertains to several items within the description, the "EXCLUDING" shall follow these items Example: ELECTRIC EQUIPMENT, ELECTRIC MACHINES – EXCLUDING STEAMSHIP MACHINERY PARTS – TOOLS, AIRCRAFT PARTS If the "EXCLUDING" pertains to all items within the description, the "EXCLUDING" shall be shown on a new line and the exclusions on the next line Example: ELECTRIC APPLIANCES, ELECTRIC MACHINERY EXCLUDING STEAMSHIP MACHINERY PARTS, MOTORSHIP MACHINERY PARTS Where 2 items are exactly the same except for part of the "EXCLUDINGS" the additional excluded items should be stated at the front of the "EXCLUDING" list Example: Items 3025 and 3027 shall read: 3025: METAL WARES (EXCLUDING GOLD, PLATINUM, PLATINUM MATERIALS) 3027: METAL WARES (EXCLUDING SILVER, GOLD, PLATINUM, PLATINUM MATERIALS) PARTS/ACCESSORIES/SUPPLIES 1. Definitions 'Parts' are such objects which are essential to the normal use of the main article or are an integral component thereof; provided that this shall not include 'Supplies' as defined below 'Accessories' are such additional objects which are not essential to the normal use of the main article or are not an integral component thereof, but which are intended for use with the main article 'Supplies' are materials used with the main article, but other than 'parts' 2. a. 'Parts' are included in commodity descriptions unless specifically excluded b. 'Accessories' and 'Supplies' are excluded from commodity descriptions unless specifically included 3. Where a description only refers to 'Parts' of an item, 'Parts' shall remain in the description (see definition above) Example: PARTS FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT Example: TELEVISION TUNERS AND PARTS THEREOF 80 590aa ATTACHMENT 'A' STANDARD WORDING Descriptions shall use the wording shown in the "YES" column below, and not the wording shown in the "NO" column YES NO 'ELECTRIC' 'ELECTRICAL' 'SEMI-FINISHED' 'PARTLY MANUFACTURED' 'PRINTED MATTER' 'PRINTED MATERIALS' 'ARTIFICIAL' 'SYNTHETIC' items 'TELEVISIONS' 'TV-SETS' 'WEARING APPAREL' 'CLOTHING', 'FOOTWEAR' list all items 'NAMELY', 'CONSISTING OF' DEFINITION OF VALUABLE CARGO Reference should be made to the definition in Resolution 012 when a description includes valuable cargo 81 595 596 SPECIAL RATES FOR VALUABLE CARGO NEWSPAPERS AND PERIODICALS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)595 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTCCOMP(Mail 618)596 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type A Type B RESOLVED that, RESOLVED that, 1) for the carriage of 'Valuable Cargo' the rate shall be 1) for the carriage of Braille type equipment, talking 200% of the N rate, except from France 250% of the books for the blind, newspapers, periodicals, N rate and except from Russia 300% of the N rate magazines, books and catalogues in consignments of provided that for consignments from Russia to 5 kg or more, not carried as mail, the rate shall be not Canada, USA of 1000 kg or more the rate shall be less than 50% of the N rate, except for TC1/TC12 the 200% of the N rate rate shall not be less than 67% of the N rate 2) notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the 2) the minimum charge shall be as specified in appropriate Resolutions, TC Members may establish Resolution 501 SCRs for any of the items listed in Resolution 012 3) where a general cargo quantity discount rate results in 3) the minimum charge for consignments under this a lower charge than that otherwise established by this Resolution shall be 200%, except from France 400%, Resolution, such lower cargo rate shall apply of the applicable minimum charge specified in Resolution 501; provided that it shall not be less than 4) the charge on LH services shall be at 100% of the USD50, except from Saudi Arabia SAR190 applicable GCR 4) this Resolution shall not apply 5) this Resolution shall not apply a) between countries in the ECAA a) between countries in the ECAA b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Switzerland Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro, Serbia, Turkey Serbia, Turkey c) from Belgium, Luxembourg c) from Belgium, Luxembourg to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine d) to/from Australia d) to/from Australia c) from Italy to Algeria, Morocco 82 597 597 (TC2) CARRIAGE OF HUMAN REMAINS CARRIAGE OF HUMAN REMAINS CTCCOMP(Mail 618)597 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite CTC2(02)597 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type B Type B RESOLVED that, RESOLVED that, 1) the rate for carriage of human remains in coffins shall 1) the rate for carriage of human remains in the form of be the N rate ashes shall be 300% of the N rate 2) this Resolution shall not apply between countries in the 2) the rate for carriage of human remains in coffins shall ECAA or to/from Australia be 200% of the N rate 3) quantity discount shall not be applicable to either of the cargo rates provided for herein 4) the minimum charge for consignments under this Resolution shall be 200% of the applicable minimum charge specified in Resolution 501; provided that it shall not be less than USD65 5) this Resolution shall not apply a) between countries in the ECAA b) from Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Switzerland to Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Gibraltar, Macedonia (FYROM), Montenegro Serbia, Turkey c) from Belgium, Luxembourg to Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Morocco, Russia (in Europe), Tunisia, Ukraine 83 598 BAGGAGE SHIPPED AS CARGO CTCCOMP(Mail 618)598 (amended) Expiry: Indefinite Type B RESOLVED that, 1) for transportation of baggage shipped as cargo, the following rules shall apply a) unaccompanied baggage of a passenger may be accepted as cargo, for conveyance between the same points (airports only) for which the passenger holds a ticket; or an electronic ticket/receipt (‘e- ticket’); provided the baggage is delivered not later than the date of the passenger's departure b) the rate to be charged shall be not less than the applicable general cargo rate, except i) from Malaysia, ii) from South West Pacific (except from Papua New Guinea and from New Zealand to Niue, Samoa, Tonga), the rate to be charged shall be not less than 50% of the N rate, subject to the applicable minimum charge as specified in Resolution 501 iii) from Papua New Guinea, iv) from Croatia, the rate to be charged shall be not less than 75% of the N rate, subject to the applicable minimum charge as specified in Resolution 501 c) the passenger using this facility must make a declaration of the contents of the baggage, complete all documents required for dispatch and customs and be responsible for all additional charges for collection, delivery and customs. The baggage shall be cleared through customs by the passenger personally or by his agent d) the numbers of the tickets and the flight/line numbers of the services on which the passenger is travelling shall be endorsed on the Air Waybill e) it shall be within the discretion of the carrier on which flight the baggage is carried f) such rate shall not be combined with any GCR or SCR to result in a combination which is less than the applicable specified or constructed cargo rates 2) this Resolution shall not apply a) between countries in the ECAA b) to/from Australia c) within Europe 84