Seat Selection SKIP TO CONTENT FLYING PLUS MALL Contact Us My bookings Seat Selection Prepaid Baggage Air Meals Flight dynamics Seat Selection Prepaid Baggage Air Meals Flight dynamics Contact Us My bookings × Submit successfully Your application for error refund has been submitted successfully. Please check the refund status on the page. Sure × Failure to submit Your application for error refund has been submitted Failure. Please check the refund status on the page. Sure × Failure to submit he xxx-xxx section you submitted, XXX (name), XX (meal name, score) If you do not meet the refund criteria, please cancel the check-out of the above meal products and resubmit them. Okay × Prompt information you choose to un voluntarily cancelSure × Search order First name Last name ID No. CancelOK × Prompt message Sure × For specific causes, please call the customer service hotline of the corresponding airline Sure × First Name Last Name ID No. ok Extra Legroom Seat Purchase, sit and relax Book now Notes: 1. If you are a special passenger looking to book an international flight, please contact Hainan Airlines’ 24-hour booking service hotline at 95339. (1) The provision of baby cradles is limited to wide-body aircraft only. Passengers, limited to one person, who have requested a baby cradle may be allocated a paid seat with additional legroom at no extra cost. (2) Children between the ages of two weeks and twelve years old can be accommodated with paid seats free of charge, based on their individual needs. 2. Advance seat reservation is not available for emergency exit rows on domestic flights. Passengers who are eligible to pre-select seats in emergency exit rows on international flights must meet the following criteria: they should not have any special needs and must comply with both civil aviation safety regulations and Hainan Airlines’ safety operation and management standards. (1) Passengers who are under 15 years old or over 65 years old are excluded; (2) Passengers are willing to provide assistance in case of emergency; (3) Passengers are able to read and comprehend printed or pictorial instructions, and follow crew orders in case of emergency; (4) If passengers are unable to sit in the emergency exit row for personal reasons, they may apply for a full refund at the airport ticket office or by contacting Hainan Airlines' 24-hour booking service hotline at 95339. 3. You can reserve seats through official website or mobile application of Hainan Airlines and we will try our best to reserve your seat selection for you. Flight adjustments may result in the alteration or cancellation of your seat reservation. If your itinerary is rescheduled or your ticket is reissued, the original seat reservation will be cancelled. Therefore, please promptly check the official website or APP of Hainan Airlines for updates on your seat reservation. Please refer to the seat allocation information displayed during check-in for the actual arrangement. 4. For safety reasons, such as weight and balance of flights, please note that front row seats may be unavailable for advance selection. This is to ensure the safety of the flight. 5. Free advance seat selection: (1) Passengers on domestic flights are able to choose their seats up to 1 hour prior to the departure. This service is available for the following cabin classes: C, D, Z, I, J, R, W, Y, B, Q, E, H, K, L, M, X, V, N, P, G, S, O, A, U, and T. (2) For international flights, passengers can select their seats in advance up to 2 hour prior to departure with no restrictions on cabin class. 6. Paid advance seat selection: (1) Paid seat selection can be refunded fully up to 12 hours before departure through the original purchase channel. Paid seat selection within 12 hours of departure cannot be rescheduled, endorsed, or refunded, except in cases of flight irregularities or if the passenger is ineligible to sit in an emergency exit row for personal reasons. To view the pricing for paid seat selection, To view the pricing for paid seat selection, please click on: Price Standards for International/Domestic and Regional Routes <international / domestic and regional route price standard> For details, please call Hainan Airlines' 24-hour booking service hotline 95339. (2) If a seat reservation is cancelled due to involuntary itinerary rescheduling, ticket number or flight adjustments, etc., the paid seat can be refunded fully through the original purchase channel and a new reservation can be made. 7.Points to exchange for paid seats: (1) Applicable objects: Fortune Wings Club members themselves and their fellow members (they need to book the same seat code with the members) or the member beneficiaries. Fortune Wings Club members passengers can not use overdraft points to exchange products. (2) Exchange scope: some domestic flights or some flights of international (regional) of Hainan Airlines (subject to the display on the exchange page). (3) Voluntary return of bonus points: For a seat selection product, the return of bonus points can be applied for through the original purchase channel free of charge 12 hours or more before flight departure; bonus points cannot be returned less than 12 hours before or after flight departure (except for abnormal flight guarantee); to redeem bonus points for a paid seat, please click on: Price Standards for International/Domestic and Regional Routes <international / domestic and regional route price standard> For details, please call Hainan Airlines' 24-hour booking service hotline 95339. (4) Involuntary refund: If the original reserved seats are cancelled due to schedule change, ticket number change, flight adjustment and other reasons, the points can be exchanged for paid seats through the original purchase channel. The points will be returned to the Jinpeng account within 7 working days. (5) Other rules shall be implemented according to the rules of paid seat products. 8. Due to differences in aircraft types, the distribution of oxygen masks may vary. Passengers travelling with infants are advised to proceed to the check-in counter at the airport to select their seats. 9. Due to technical issues, advance seat selection may not be available on certain routes. Please check the list of supported routes when making your booking. 10. Advance seat selection is only available for the flights with airline code 880 actually operated by Hainan Airlines and Grand China Air, and is not available for flights without airline code 880. Book now Trip inquiry First Name Last Name ID NO Flight Number Flight Date Currency USDCNYJPYHKDEURCADSGDCHFTWDTHBGBPCZK backok 2024 © Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. . We use s × By continuing to use the website, you will be agreeing to our  policy and Use of s