No. 16510 MULTILATERAL Customs Convention on the international transport of goods under cover of TIR carnets (TIR Convention) (with annexes). Concluded at Geneva on 14 November 1975 Authentic texts: English, French and Russian. Registered ex officio on 20 March 1978. MULTILATERAL Convention douani re relative au transport international de marchandises sous le couvert de carnets TIR (Conven tion TIR) [avec annexes]. Conclue Gen ve le 14 novembre 1975 Textes authentiques : anglais, français et russe. Enregistrée d'office le 20 mars 1978. Vol. 1079, I-165IO 90______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 CUSTOMS CONVENTION' ON THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORT OF GOODS UNDER COVER OF TIR CARNETS (TIR CONVENTION) The Contracting Parties, Desiring to facilitate the international carriage of goods by road vehicle; Considering that the improvement of the  of transport constitutes one of the factors essential to the development of co-operation among them; Declaring themselves in favour of a simplification and a harmonization of administrative formalities in the field of international transport, in particular at frontiers; Have agreed as follows: CHAPTER I. GENERAL (a) DEFINITIONS Article 1 For the purposes of this Convention: (a) The term "TIR operation" shall mean the transport of goods from a Customs office of departure to a Customs office of destination under the procedure, called the "T1R procedure", laid down in this Convention; (b) The term "import or export duties and taxes" shall mean Customs duties and all other duties, taxes, fees and other charges which are collected on, or in connexion with, the import or export of goods, but not including fees and charges limited in amount to the approximate cost of services rendered; (c) The term "road vehicle" shall mean not only any power-driven road vehicle but also any trailer or semi-trailer designed to be coupled thereto; 1 Came into force for the States indicated hereafter on 20 March 1978, i.e., six months after the date on which five States had siiggnneedd iitt ddeeffiinniittiivveellyy oorr hhaadd ddeeppoossiitteedd tthheeiirr iinnssttrruummeenntt ooff rraattiiffiiccaattii on, acceptance, approval or accession with the Secretary- General of the United1 NNaattiioons, in accordance with article 53 (1): Date of definitive signature (s) or of deposit of instrument State of ratification or accession (a) Austria .................................................................... 13 May 1977 France..................................................................... 30 December 1976 s Malta ..................................................................... 18 February 1977 a Sweden.................................................................... 17 December 1976 s Yugoslavia ................................................................. 20 September 1977 Subsequently, the Convention came into force for the following States six months after the date of the deposit of their instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession, with the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in accordance with article 53 (2): Date of deposit of instrument State of ratification or accession (a) (With effect from 13 April 1978.) .......................................... 13 October 1977 Bulgaria* (With effect from 20 April 1978.)........................................... 20 October 1977 a Switzerland (With effect from 3 August 1978.) .......................................... 3 February 1978 Finland (With effect from 27 August 1978.) ......................................... 27 February 1978 Hungary* (With effect from 9 September 1978.) ....................................... 9 March 1978 Q\ * See p. 296 of this volume for the text of the reservations and declarations made upon ratification or accession. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______91 (d) The term "combination of vehicles" shall mean coupled vehicles which travel on the road as a unit; (e) The term "container" shall mean an article of transport equipment (lift-van, movable tank or other similar structure): (i) fully or partially enclosed to constitute a compartment intended for containing goods; (ii) of a permanent character and accordingly strong enough to be suitable for repeated use; (iii) specially designed to facilitate the transport of goods by one or more modes of transport without intermediate re; (iv) designed for ready handling, particularly when being transferred from one mode of transport to another; (v) designed to be easy to fill and to empty; and (vi) having an internal volume of one cubic metre or more; "demountable bodies" are to be treated as containers; (/) The term "Customs office of departure" shall mean any Customs office of a Contracting Party where the international transport of a load or part-load of goods under the TIR procedure begins; (g) The term "Customs office of destination" shall mean any Customs office of a Contracting Party where the international transport of a load or part-load of goods under the TIR procedure ends; (h) The term "Customs office en route" shall mean any Customs office of a Contracting Party through which a road vehicle, combination of vehicles or container is imported or exported in the course of a TIR operation; (/) The term "person" shall mean both natural and legal persons; (k) The term "heavy or bulky goods" shall mean any heavy or bulky object which because of its weight, size or nature is not normally carried in a closed road vehicle or closed container; (0 The term "guaranteeing association" shall mean an association approved by the Customs authorities of a Contracting Party to act as surety for persons using the TIR procedure. (b) SCOPE Article 2 This Convention shall apply to the transport of goods without intermediate re, in road vehicles, combinations of vehicles or in containers, across one or more frontiers between a Customs office of departure of one Contracting Party and a Customs office of destination of another or of the same Contracting Party, provided that some portion of the journey between the beginning and the end of the TIR operation is made by road. Article 3 For the provisions of this Convention to become applicable: (a) the transport operations must be performed: (i) by means of road vehicles, combinations of vehicles or containers previously approved under the  set forth in chapter III (a); or (ii) by means of other road vehicles, other combinations of vehicles or other containers under the  set forth in chapter III (c); Vol. 1079, 1-16510 92______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 (b) th transport operations must be guaranteed by associations approved in accordance with the provisions of article 6 and must be performed under cover of a TIR carnet, which shall conform to the model reproduced in annex 1 to this Convention. (c) PRINCIPLES Article 4 Goods carried under the TIR procedure shall not be subjected to the payment or deposit of import or export duties and taxes at Customs offices en route. Article 5 1. Goods carried under the TIR procedure in sealed road vehicles, combinations of vehicles or containers shall not as a general rule be subjected to examination at Customs offices en route. 2. However, to prevent abuses, Customs authorities may in exceptional cases, and particularly when irregularity is suspected, carry out an examination of the goods at such offices. CHAPTER II. ISSUE OF TIR CARNETS; LIABILITY OF GUARANTEEING ASSOCIATIONS Article 6 1. Subject to such  and guarantees as it shall determine, each Contracting Party may authorize associations to issue TIR carnets, either directly or through corresponding associations, and to act as guarantors. 2. An association shall not be approved in any country unless its guarantee also covers the liabilities incurred in that country in connexion with operations under cover of TIR carnets issued by foreign associations affiliated to the same international organization as that to which it is itself affiliated. Article 7 TIR carnet forms sent to the guaranteeing associations by the corresponding foreign associations or by international organizations shall not be liable to import and export duties and taxes and shall be free of import and export prohibitions and restrictions. Article 8 1. The guaranteeing association shall undertake to pay the import or export duties and taxes, together with any default interest, due under the Customs laws and regulations of the country in which an irregularity has been noted in connexion with a TIR operation. It shall be liable, jointly and severally with the persons from whom the sums mentioned above are due, for payment of such sums. 2. In cases where the laws and regulations of a Contracting Party do not provide for payment of import or export duties and taxes as provided for in paragraph 1 above, the guaranteeing association shall undertake to pay, under the same , a sum equal to the amount of the import or export duties and taxes and any default interest. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______93 3. Each Contracting Party shall determine the maximum sum per TIR carnet, which may be claimed from the guaranteeing association of the basis of the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 above. 4. The liability of the guaranteeing association to the authorities of the country where the Customs office of departure is situated shall commence at the time when the TIR carnet is accepted by the Customs office. In the succeeding countries through which goods are transported under the TIR procedure, this liability shall commence at the time when the goods are imported or, where the TIR operation has been suspended under article 26, paragraphs 1 and 2, at the time when the TIR carnet is accepted by the Customs office where the TIR operation is resumed. 5. The liability of the guaranteeing association shall cover not only the goods which are enumerated in the TIR carnet but also any goods which, though not enumerated therein, may be contained in the sealed section of the road vehicle or in the sealed container. It shall not extend to any other goods. 6. For the purpose of determining the duties and taxes mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article, the particulars of the goods as entered in the TIR carnet shall, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be assumed to be correct. 7. When payment of sums mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article becomes due, the competent authorities shall so far as possible require payment from the person or persons directly liable before making a claim against the guaranteeing association. Article 9 1. The guaranteeing association shall fix the period of validity of the TIR carnet by specifying a final date of validity after which the carnet may not be presented for acceptance at the Customs office of departure. 2. Provided that it has been accepted by the Customs office of departure on or before the final date of validity, as provided for in paragraph 1 of this article, the carnet shall remain valid until the termination of the TIR operation at the Customs office of destination. Article 10 1. The TIR carnet may be discharged unconditionally or conditionally; where discharge is conditional this shall be on account of facts connected with the TIR operation itself. These facts shall be clearly indicated in the TIR carnet. 2. When the Customs authorities of a country have discharged a TIR carnet unconditionally they can no longer claim from the guaranteeing association payment of the sums mentioned in article 8, paragraphs 1 and 2, unless the certificate of discharge was obtained in an improper or fraudulent manner. Article 11 1. Where a TIR carnet has not been discharged or has been discharged conditionally, the competent authorities shall not have the right to claim payment of the sums mentioned in article 8, paragraphs 1 and 2, from the guaranteeing association unless, within a period of one year from the date of acceptance of the TIR carnet by those authorities, they have notified the association in writing of the non-discharge or conditional discharge. The same provision shall apply where the certificate of discharge was obtained in an improper or fraudulent manner, save that the period shall be two years. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 94______United Nations — Tteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 2. The claim for payment of the sums referred to in article 8, paragraphs 1 and 2, shall be made to the guaranteeing association at the earliest three months after the date on which the association was informed that the carnet had not been discharged or had been discharged conditionally or that the certificate of discharge had been obtained in an improper or fraudulent manner and at the latest not more than two years after that date. However, in cases which, during the above-mentioned period of two years, become the subject of legal proceedings, any claim for payment shall be made within one year of the date on which the decision of the court becomes enforceable. 3. The guaranteeing association shall have a period of three months, from the date when a claim for payment is made upon it, in which to pay the amounts claimed. The sums paid shall be reimbursed to the association if, within the two years following the date on which the claim for payment was made, it has been established to the satisfaction of the Customs authorities that no irregularity was committed in connexion with the transport operation in question. CHAPTER in. TRANSPORT OF GOODS UNDER TIR CARNET (a) APPROVAL OF VEHICLES AND CONTAINERS Article 12 In order to fall within the provisions of sections (a) and (b) of this chapter, every road vehicle must as regards its construction and equipment fulfil the  set out in annex 2 to this Convention and must have been approved according to the procedure laid down in annex 3 to this Convention. The certificate of approval shall conform to the specimen reproduced in annex 4. Article 13 1. To fall within the provisions of sections (a) and (b) of this chapter, containers must be constructed in conformity with the  laid down in part I of annex 7 and must have been approved according to the procedure laid down in part II of that annex. 2. Containers approved for the transport of goods under Customs seal in accordance with the Customs Convention on Containers, 1956,' the agreements arising therefrom concluded under the auspices of the United Nations, the Customs Convention on Containers, 1972,2 or any international instruments that may supersede or modify the latter Convention, shall be considered as complying with the provisions of paragraph 1 above and must be accepted for transport under the TIR procedure without further approval. Article 14 1. Each Contracting Party reserves the right to refuse to recognize the validity of the approval of road vehicles or containers which do not meet the  set forth in articles 12 and 13 above. Nevertheless, Contracting Parties shall avoid delaying traffic when the defects found are of minor importance and do not involve any risk of smuggling. 2. Before it is used again for the transport of goods under Customs seal, any road vehicle or container which no longer meets the  which justified its approval, shall be either restored to its original state, or presented for reapproval. 1 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 338, p, 103. 2 Ibid., vol. 988, p. 43. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______95 (b) PROCEDURE FOR TRANSPORT UNDER COVER OF A TIR CARNET Article 15 1. No special Customs document shall be required in respect of the temporary importation of a road vehicle, combination of vehicles or container carrying goods under cover of the TIR procedure. No guarantee shall be required for the road vehicle or combination of vehicles or container. 2. The provisions of paragraph 1 of this article shall not prevent a Contracting Party from requiring the fulfilment at the Customs office of destination of the formalities laid down by its national regulations to ensure that, once the TIR operation has been completed, the road vehicle, the combination of vehicles or the container will be re- exported. Article 16 When a road vehicle or combination of vehicles is carrying out a TIR operation, one rectangular plate bearing the inscription "TIR" and conforming to the specifications given in annex 5 to this Convention, shall be affixed to the front and another to the rear of the road vehicle or combination of vehicles. These plates shall be so placed as to be clearly visible and shall be removable. Article 17 1. A single TIR carnet shall be made out in respect of each road vehicle or container. However, a single TIR carnet may be made out in respect of a combination of vehicles or for several containers loaded on to a single road vehicle or on to a combination of vehicles. In that case the TIR manifest of the goods covered by the TIR carnet shall list separately the contents of each vehicle in the combination of vehicles or of each container. 2. The TIR carnet shall be valid for one journey only. It shall contain at least the number of detachable vouchers for Customs acceptance and for discharge which are necessary for the transport operation in question. Article 18 A TIR operation may involve several Customs offices of departure and destination, but, save as may otherwise be authorized by the Contracting Party or Parties concerned, (a) the Customs offices of departure shall be situated in only one country; (b) the Customs offices of destination shall be situated in not more than two countries; (c) the total number of Customs offices of departure and destination shall not exceed four. Article 19 The goods and the road vehicle, the combination of vehicles or the container shall be produced with the TIR carnet at the Customs office of departure. The Customs authorities of the country of departure shall take such measures as are necessary for satisfying themselves as to the accuracy of the goods manifest and either for affixing the Customs seals or for checking Customs seals affixed under the responsibility of the said Customs authorities by duly authorized persons. Vol. 1079, I-16510 96______United Nations — Treaty Séries » Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités_____1978 Article 20 For journeys in the territory of their country, the Customs authorities may fix a time- limit and require the road vehicle, the combination of vehicles or the container to follow a prescribed route. Article 21 At each Customs office en route and at Customs offices of destination, the road vehicle, the combination of vehicles or the container shall be produced for purposes of control to the Customs authorities together with the load and the TIR carnet relating thereto. Article 22 1. As a general rule and except when they examine the goods in accordance with article 5, paragraph 2, the Customs authorities of the Customs offices en route of each of the Contracting Parties shall accept the Customs seals of other Contracting Parties, provided that they are intact. The said Customs authorities may, however, if control requirements make it necessary, add their own seals. 2. The Customs seals thus accepted by a Contracting Party shall have in the territory of that Contracting Party the benefit of the same legal protection as is accorded to the national seals. Article 23 The Customs authorities shall not require road vehicles, combinations of vehicles or containers to be escorted at the carriers' expense on the territory of their country, require examination en route of road vehicles, combinations of vehicles or containers and their loads except in special cases. Article 24 If the Customs authorities conduct an examination of the load of a road vehicle, combination of vehicles or container in the course of the journey or at a Customs office en route, they shall record on the TIR carnet vouchers used in their country, on the corresponding counterfoils, and on the vouchers remaining in the TIR carnet, particulars of the new seals affixed and of the controls carried out. Article 25 If the Customs seals are broken en route otherwise than in the circumstances of articles 24 and 35, or if any goods are destroyed or damaged without breaking of such seals, the procedure laid down in annex 1 to this Convention for the use of the TIR carnet shall, without prejudice to the possible application of the provisions of national law, be followed, and the certified report in the TIR carnet shall be completed. Article 26 1. When transport under cover of a TIR carnet takes place in part in the territory of a State which is not a Contracting Party to this Convention, the TIR operation shall be suspended during that part of the journey. In that case, the Customs authorities of the Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______97 Contracting Party on whose territory the journey continues shall accept the TIR carnet for the resumption of the TIR operation, provided that the Customs seals and/or identifying marks have remained intact. 2. The same shall apply where for a part of the journey the TIR carnet is not used by the holder of the carnet in the territory of a Contracting Party because of the existence of simpler Customs transit procedures or when the use of a Customs transit r gime is not necessary. 3. In such cases the Customs offices where the TIR operation is suspended or resumed shall be deemed to be Customs offices of exit e« route and Customs offices of entry en route respectively. Article 27 Subject to the provisions of this Convention and in particular of article 18, another Customs office of destination may be substituted for a Customs office of destination originally indicated. Article 28 On arrival of the load at the Customs office of destination, and provided that the goods are then placed under another system of Customs control or are cleared for home use, discharge of the TIR carnet shall take place without delay. (c) PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRANSPORT OF HEAVY OR BULKY GOODS Article 29 1. The provisions of this section apply only to the transport of heavy or bulky goods as defined in article 1, subparagraph (k), of this Convention. 2. Where the provisions of this section apply, heavy or bulky goods may, if the authorities at the Customs office of departure so decide, be carried by means of non-sealed vehicles or containers. 3. The provisions of this section shall apply only if, in the opinion of the authorities at the Customs office of departure, the heavy or bulky goods carried and any accessories carried with them can be easily identified by reference to the description given, or can be provided with Customs seals and/or identifying marks so as to prevent any substitution, or removal of the goods, without it being obvious. Article 30 All the provisions of this Convention, save those to which the special provisions of this section make an exception, shall apply to the transport of heavy or bulky goods under the TIR procedure. Article 31 The liability of the guaranteeing association shall cover not only the goods enumerated in the TIR carnet, but also any goods which, though not enumerated in the carnet, are on the load platform or among the goods enumerated in the TIR carnet. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 98______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités_____1978 Article 32 The cover and all vouchers of the TIR carnet shall bear the endorsement "heavy or bulky goods" in bold letters in English or in French. Article 33 The authorities at the Customs office of departure may require such packing lists, photographs, drawings, etc., as are necessary for the identification of the goods carried to be appended to the TIR carnet. In this case they shall endorse these documents, one copy of the said documents shall be attached to the inside of the cover page of the TIR carnet, and all the manifests of the TIR carnet shall include a reference to such documents. Article 34 The authorities at the Customs offices en route of each of the Contracting Parties shall accept the Customs seals and/or identifying marks affixed by the competent authorities of other Contracting Parties. They may, however, affix additional seals and/or identifying marks; they shall record particulars of the new seals and/or identifying marks on the vouchers of the TIR carnet used in their country, on the corresponding counterfoils and on the vouchers remaining in the TIR carnet. Article 35 If Customs authorities conducting an examination of the load at a Customs office en route or in the course of the journey are obliged to break seals and/or remove identifying marks, they shall record the new seals and/or identifying marks on the vouchers of the TIR carnet used in their country, on the corresponding counterfoils and on the vouchers remaining in the TIR carnet. CHAPTER iv. IRREGULARITIES Article 36 Any breach of the provisions of this Convention shall render the offender liable, in the country where the offence was committed, to the penalties prescribed by the law of that country. Article 37 When it is not possible to establish in which territory an irregularity was committed, it shall be deemed to have been committed in the territory of the Contracting Party where it is detected. Article 38 1. Each of the Contracting Parties shall have the right to exclude temporarily or permanently from the operation of this Convention any person guilty of a serious offence against the Customs laws or regulations applicable to the international transport of goods. 2. This exclusion shall be notified immediately to the Customs authorities of the Contracting Party on whose territory the person concerned is established or resident, and also to the guaranteeing association(s) in the country where the offence has been committed. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Tt-aités______99 Article 39 When TIR operations are accepted as being otherwise in order: 1. The Contracting Parties shall disregard minor discrepancies in the observance of time-limits or routes prescribed. 2. Likewise, discrepancies between the particulars on the goods manifest of the TIR carnet and the actual contents of a road vehicle, combination of vehicles or container shall not be considered as infringements of the Convention by the holder of the TIR carnet when evidence is produced to the satisfaction of the competent authorities that these discrepancies were not due to mistakes committed knowingly or through negligence at the time when the goods were loaded or dispatched or when the manifest was made out. Article 40 The Customs administrations of the countries of departure and of destination shall not consider the holder of the TIR carnet responsible for the discrepancies which may be discovered in those countries, when the discrepancies in fact relate to the Customs procedures which preceded or followed a TIR operation and in which the holder was not involved. Article 41 When it is established to the satisfaction of the Customs authorities that goods specified on the manifest of a TIR carnet have been destroyed or have been irrecoverably lost by accident or force majeure or that they are short by reason of their nature, payment of the duties and taxes normally due shall be waived. Article 42 On receipt from a Contracting Party of a request giving the relevant reasons, the competent authorities of the Contracting Parties concerned in a TIR operation shall furnish that Contracting Party with all the available information needed for implementa tion of the provisions of articles 39, 40 and 41 above. CHAPTER v. EXPLANATORY NOTES Article 43 The Explanatory Notes set out in annex 6 and annex 7, part III, interpret certain provisions of this Convention and its annexes. They also describe certain recommended practices. CHAPTER vi. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Article 44 Each Contracting Party shall provide the guaranteeing associations concerned with facilities for: (a) the transfer of the currency necessary for the sums claimed by the authorities of Contracting Parties by virtue of the provisions of article 8 of this Convention; and (b) the transfer of currency for payment for TIR carnet forms sent to the guaranteeing associations by the corresponding foreign associations or by the international organizations. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 100_____United Nations — Treaty Series « Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 Article 45 Each Contracting Party shall cause to be published the list of the Customs offices of departure, Customs offices en route and Customs offices of destination approved by it for accomplishing TIR operations. The Contracting Parties of adjacent territories shall consult each other to agree upon corresponding frontier offices and upon their opening hours. Article 46 1. No charge shall be made for Customs attendance in connexion with the Customs operations mentioned in this Convention, save where it is provided on days or at times or places other than those normally appointed for such operations. 2. Contracting Parties shall arrange to the fullest extent possible for Customs operations concerning perishable goods at Customs offices to be facilitated. Article 47 1. The provisions of this Convention shall preclude neither the application of restrictions and controls imposed under national regulations on grounds of public morality, public security, hygiene or public health, or for veterinary or phytopathological reasons, nor the levy of dues chargeable by virtue of such regulations. 2. The provisions of this Convention shall not preclude the application of other provisions either national or international governing transport. Article 48 Nothing in this Convention shall prevent Contracting Parties which form a Customs or economic union from enacting special provisions in respect of transport operations commencing or terminating in, or passing through, their territories, provided that such provisions do not attenuate the facilities provided for by this Convention. Article 49 This Convention shall not prevent the application of greater facilities which Contracting Parties grant or may wish to grant either by unilateral provisions or by virtue of bilateral or multilateral agreements provided that such facilities do not impede the application of the provisions of this Convention, and in particular, TIR operations. Article 50 The Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another, on request, information necessary for implementing the provisions of this Convention, and particularly informa tion relating to the approval of road vehicles or containers and to the technical characteristics of their design. Article 51 The annexes to this Convention form an integral part of the Convention. CHAPTER vu. FINAL CLAUSES Article 52. SIGNATURE, RATIFICATION, ACCEPTANCE, APPROVAL AND ACCESSION 1. All States Members of the United Nations or members of any of the specialized agencies or of the International Atomic Energy Agency or parties to the Statute of the Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — IVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______101 International Court of Justice, and any other State invited by the General Assembly of the United Nations, may become Contracting Parties to this Convention: (a) by signing it without reservation of ratification, acceptance or approval; (b) by depositing an instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval after signing it subject to ratification, acceptance or approval; or (c) by depositing an instrument of accession. 2. This Convention shall be open from 1 January 1976 until 31 December 1976 inclusive for signature at the Office of the United Nations at Geneva by the States referred to in paragraph 1 of this article. Thereafter it shall be open for their accession. 3. Customs or economic unions may, together with all their member States or at any time after all their member States have become Contracting Parties to this Convention, also become Contracting Parties to this Convention in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article. However, these unions shall not have the right to vote. 4. The instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession shall be deposited with the Secretary-General of the United Nations. Article 53. ENTRY INTO FORCE 1. This Convention shall enter into force six months after the date on which five States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, have signed it without reservation of ratification, acceptance or approval or have deposited their instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession. 2. After five States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, have signed it without reservation of ratification, acceptance or approval, or have deposited their instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession, this Convention shall enter into force for further Contracting Parties six months after the date of the deposit of their instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession. 3. Any instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession deposited after the entry into force of an amendment to this Convention shall be deemed to apply to this Convention as amended. 4. Any such instrument deposited after an amendment has been accepted but before it has entered into force shall be deemed to apply to this Convention as amended on the date when the amendment enters into force. Article 54. DENUNCIATION 1. Any Contracting Party may denounce this Convention by so notifying the Secretary-General of the United Nations. 2. Denunciation shall take effect fifteen months after the date of receipt by the Secretary-General of the notification of denunciation. 3. The validity of TIR carnets accepted by the Customs office of departure before the date when the denunciation takes effect shall not be affected thereby and the guarantee of the guaranteeing association shall hold good in accordance with the provisions of this Convention. Article 55. TERMINATION If, after the entry into force of this Convention, the number of States which are Contracting Parties is for any period of twelve consecutive months reduced to less than five, the Convention shall cease to have effect from the end of the twelve-month period. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 102______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des IVaités_____1978 Article 56. TERMINATION OF THE OPERATION OF THE TIR CONVENTION, 1959' 1. Upon its entry into force, this Convention shall terminate and replace, in relations between the Contracting Parties to this Convention, the TIR Convention, 1959. 2. Certificates of approval issued in respect of road vehicles and containers under the  of the TIR Convention, 1959, shall be accepted during the period of their validity or any extension thereof for the transport of goods under Customs seal by Contracting Parties to this Convention, provided that such vehicles and containers continue to fulfil the  under which they were originally approved. Article 57. SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES 1. Any dispute between two or more Contracting Parties concerning the interpreta tion or application of this Convention shall, so far as possible, be settled by negotiation between them or other means of settlement. 2. Any dispute between two or more Contracting Parties concerning the interpretation or application of this Convention which cannot be settled by the means indicated in paragraph 1 of this article shall, at the request of one of them, be referred to an arbitration tribunal composed as follows: each party to the dispute shall appoint an arbitrator, and these arbitrators shall appoint another arbitrator, who shall be chairman. If, three months after receipt of a request, one of the parties has failed to appoint an arbitrator or if the arbitrators have failed to elect the chairman, any of the parties may request the Secretary- General of the United Nations to appoint an arbitrator or the chairman of the arbitration tribunal. 3. The decision of the arbitration tribunal established under the provisions of paragraph 2 shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 4. The arbitration tribunal shall determine its own rules of procedure. 5. Decisions of the arbitration tribunal shall be taken by majority vote. 6. Any controversy which may arise between the parties to the dispute as regards the interpretation and execution of the award may be submitted by any of the parties for judgment to the arbitration tribunal which made the award. Article 58. RESERVATIONS 1. Any State may, at the time of signing, ratifying or acceding to this Convention, declare that it does not consider itself bound by article 57, paragraphs 2 to 6, of this Convention. Other Contracting Parties shall not be bound by these paragraphs in respect of any Contracting Party which has entered such a reservation. 2. Any Contracting Party having entered a reservation as provided for in paragraph 1 of this article may at any time withdraw such reservation by notifying the Secretary- General of the United Nations. 3. Apart from the reservations provided for in paragraph 1 of this article, no reservation to this Convention shall be permitted. Article 59. PROCEDURE FOR AMENDING THIS CONVENTION 1. This Convention, including its annexes, may be amended upon the proposal of a Contracting Party by the procedure specified in this article. 1 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 348, p. 13. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______103 2. Any proposed amendment to this Convention shall be considered in an Administrative Committee composed of all the Contracting Parties in accordance with the rales of procedure set out in annex 8. Any such amendment considered or prepared during the meeting of the Administrative Committee and adopted by it by a two-thirds majority of the members present and voting shall be communicated by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to the Contracting Parties for their acceptance. 3. Except as provided for under article 60, any proposed amendment communicated in accordance with the preceding paragraph shall come into force with respect to all Contracting Parties three months after the expiry of a period of twelve months following the date of communication of the proposed amendment during which period no objection to the proposed amendment has been communicated to the Secretary-General of the United Nations by a State which is a Contracting Party. 4. If an objection to the proposed amendment has been communicated in accordance with paragraph 3 of this article, the amendment shall be deemed not to have been accepted and shall have no effect whatsoever. Anicle 60. SPECIAL PROCEDURE FOR AMENDING ANNEXES 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 AND 7 1. Any proposed amendment to annexes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 considered in accordance with paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 59 shall come into force on a date to be determined by the Administrative Committee at the time of its adoption, unless by a prior date determined by the Administrative Committee at the same time, one-fifth or five of the States which are Contracting Parties, whichever number is less, notify the Secretary- General of the United Nations of their objection to the amendment. Determination by the Administrative Committee of the dates referred to in this paragraph shall be by a two- thirds majority of those present and voting. 2. On entry into force, any amendment adopted in accordance with the procedures set out in paragraph 1 above shall for all Contracting Parties replace and supersede any previous provisions to which the amendment refers. Article 61. REQUESTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OBJECTIONS The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall inform all Contracting Parties and all States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, of this Convention of any request, communication or objection under articles 59 and 60 above and of the date on which any amendment enters into force. Article 62. REVIEW CONFERENCE 1. Any State which is a Contracting Party may, by notification to the Secretary- General of the United Nations, request that a conference be convened for the purpose of reviewing this Convention. 2. A review conference to which all Contracting Parties and all States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, shall be invited, shall be convened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations if, within a period of six months following the date of notification by the Secretary-General, not less than one-fourth of the States which are Contracting Parties notify him of their concurrence with the request. 3. A review conference to which all Contracting Parties and all States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, shall be invited shall also be convened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations upon notification of a request by the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee shall make a request if agreed to by a majority of those present and voting in the Committee. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 104______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 4. If a conference is convened in pursuance of paragraphs 1 or 3 of this article, the Secretary-General of the United Nations shall so advise all the Contracting Parties and invite them to submit, within a period of three months, the proposals which they wish the conference to consider. The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall circulate to all Contracting Parties the provisional agenda for the conference, together with the texts of such proposals, at least three months before the date on which the conference is to meet. Article 63. NOTIFICATIONS In addition to the notifications and communications provided for in articles 61 and 62, the Secretary-General of the United Nations shall notify all the States referred to in article 52 of the following: (a) signatures, ratifications, acceptances, approvals and accessions under article 52; (b) the dates of entry into force of this Convention in accordance with article 53; (c) denunciations under article 54; (d) the termination of this Convention under article 55; (e) reservations under article 58. Article 64. AUTHENTIC TEXT After 31 December 1976, the original of this Convention shall be deposited with the Secretary-General of the United Nations, who shall transmit certified true copies to each of the Contracting Parties and to the States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, which are not Contracting Parties. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being duly authorized thereto, have signed this Convention. DONE at Geneva, this fourteenth day of November one thousand nine hundred and seventy-five, in a single copy in the English, French and Russian languages, the three texts being equally authentic. ANNEX 1 MODEL OF TIR CARNET1 The TIR carnet is printed in French except for page 1 of the cover where the items are also printteedd iinn EEnngglliisshh.. TThhee ""RRuulleess rreeggaarrddiinngg tthhee uussee ooff tthhee TTIIRR ccaa rnet" given in French on page 2 of the cover are also printed in English on page 3 of the cover. ANNEX 2 REGULATIONS ON TECHNICAL  APPLICABLE TO ROAD VEHICLES WHICH MAY BE ACCEPTED FOR INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORT UNDER CUSTOMS SEAL Article 1. BASIC PRINCIPLES Approval for the international transport of goods under Customs seal may be granted only to vehicles, the load compartments of which are constructed and equipped in such a manner that: (d) no goods can be removed from, or introduced into, the sealed part of the vehicle without leaving obvious traces of tampering or without breaking the Customs seal; (b) Customs seals can be simply and effectively affixed to them; 1 See inserts in a pocket at the end of the volume. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Tteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil dés li-aités_____105 (c) they contain no concealed spaces where goods may be hidden; (d) all spaces capable of holding goods are readily accessible for Customs inspection. Article 2. STRUCTURE OF LOAD COMPARTMENTS 1. To meet the requirements of article 1 of these Regulations: (a) the constituent parts of the load compartment (sides, floor, doors, roof, uprights, frames, cross- pieces, etc.) shall be assembled either by means of devices which cannot be removed and replaced from the outside without leaving obvious traces or by such methods as will produce a structure which cannot be modified without leaving obvious traces. When the sides, floor, doors and roof are made up of various components, these shall meet the same requirements and be of sufficient strength; (b) doors and all other closing systems (including stopcocks, manhole-covers, flanges, etc.) shall be fitted with a device on which Customs seals can be fixed. This device must be such that it cannot be removed and replaced from the outside without leaving obvious traces, or the door or fastening be opened without breaking the Customs seals. The latter shall be adequately protected. Opening roofs shall be permitted; (c) apertures for ventilation and drainage shall be provided with a device preventing access to the interior of the load compartment. This device must be such that it cannot be removed and replaced from the outside without leaving obvious traces. 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of article 1 (c) of these Regulations, constituent parts of the load compartment which, for practical reasons, have to include empty spaces (for example, between the partitions of a double wall) shall be permitted. In order that the said spaces cannot be used to conceal goods: (i) where it covers the full height from floor to roof, or, in other cases, where the space between it and the outer wall is completely enclosed, the lining inside the load compartment shall be so fitted that it cannot be removed and replaced without leaving obvious traces; and (ii) where a lining is of less than full height and the spaces between the lining and the outer wall are not completely enclosed, and in all other cases where spaces occur in the construction of a load compartment, the number of such spaces shall be kept to a minimum and these spaces shall be readily accessible for Customs inspection. 3. Windows shall be allowed provided that they are made of materials of sufficient strength and that they cannot be removed and replaced from the outside without leaving obvious traces. Glass shall nevertheless be permitted, but in this case the window shall be fitted with a fixed metal grille which cannot be removed from the outside; the mesh of the grille shall not exceed 10 mm. 4. Openings made in the floor for technical purposes, such as lubrication, maintenance and filling of the sand-box, shall be allowed only on condition that they are fitted with a cover capable of being fixed in such a way as to render the load compartment inaccessible from the outside. Article 3. SHEETED VEHICLES 1. Where applicable, the provisions of articles 1 and 2 of these Regulations shall apply to sheeted vehicles. In addition, these vehicles shall conform to the provisions of this article. 2. The sheet shall be either of strong canvas or of plastic-covered or rubberized cloth, which shall be of sufficient strength and unstretchable. It shall be in good condition and made up in such a way that once the closing device has been secured, it is impossible to gain access to the load compartment without leaving obvious traces. 3. If the sheet is made up of several pieces, their edges shall be folded into one another and sewn together with two seams at least 15 mm apart. These seams shall be made as shown in Sketch No. 1 appended to these Regulations; however, where in the case of certain parts of the sheet (such as flaps and reinforced corners) it is not possible to assemble the pieces in that way, it shall be sufficient to fold the edge of the top section and make the seams as shown in Sketches Nos. 2 or 2 (a) appended to these Regulations. One of the seams shall be visible only from the inside and the colour of the thread used for that seam shall be clearly different from the colour of the sheet itself and from the colour of the thread used for the other seam. All seams shall be machine-sewn. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 106______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____Ï978 4. If the sheet is of plastic-covered cloth, and is made up of several pieces, the pieces may alternatively be welded together in the manner shown in Sketch No. 3 appended to these Regulations. The edges of the pieces shall overlap by at least 15 mm. The pieces shall be fused together over the whole width of the overlap. The edge of the outer sheet shall be covered with a band of plastic material at least 7 mm wide, affixed by the same welding process. The plastic band and the sheet on each side of it for a width of at least 3 mm shall have a clearly defined uniform relief pattern stamped on them. The pieces shall be welded in such a way that they cannot be separated and rejoined without leaving obvious traces. 5. Repairs shall be made in accordance with the method described in Sketch No. 4 appended to these Regulations; the edges shall be folded into one another and sewn together with two visible seams at least 15 mm apart; the colour of the thread visible from the inside shall be different from that of the thread visible from the outside and from that of the sheet itself; all seams shall be machine-sewn. When a sheet which has been damaged near the edges is repaired by replacing the damaged part by a patch, the seam can also be made in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3 of this article and Sketch No. 1 appended to these Regulations. Sheets of plastic- covered cloth may alternatively be repaired in accordance with the method described in paragraph 4 of this article, but in that case the plastic band must be affixed to both sides of the sheet, the patch being fitted on the inside of the sheet. 6. (a) The sheet shall be fixed to the vehicle in strict compliance with the  set forth in article 1 (a) and (b) of these Regulations. The following types of fastening shall be provided: (i) metal rings fixed to the vehicles; (ii) eyelets let into the edge of the sheet; (iii) a fastening passing through the rings above the sheet and visible from the outside for its entire length. The sheet shall overlap solid parts of the vehicle by at least 250 mm, measured from the centre of the securing rings, unless the system of construction of the vehicle in itself prevents all access to the load compartment. (b) When any edge of a sheet is to be permanently secured to a vehicle, the two surfaces shall be joined together without a break and shall be held in place by strong devices. 7. The sheet shall be supported by an adequate superstructure (uprights, sides, arches, slats, etc.). 8. The spaces between the rings and the spaces between the eyelets shall not exceed 200 mm. The eyelets shall be reinforced. 9. The following fastenings shall be used: (a) steel wire ropes of at least 3 mm diameter; or (b) ropes of hemp or sisal of at least 8 mm diameter encased in a transparent sheath of unstretchable plastic. Wire ropes may have a transparent sheath of unstretchable plastic. 10. Each rope shall be in one piece and have a hard metal end-piece at each end. The fastener of each metal end-piece shall include a hollow rivet passing through the rope so as to allow the introduction of the thread or strap of the Customs seal. The rope shall remain visible on either side of the hollow rivet so that it is possible to ensure that the rope is in one piece (see Sketch No. 5 appended to these Regulations). 1 h At the openings in the sheet, used for  and un, the two edges of the sheet shall have an adequate overlap. They shall also be fastened by: (a) a flap sewn or welded in accordance with paragraphs 3 and 4 of this article; (b) rings and eyelets meeting the  of paragraph 8 of this article; and (c) a thong made of appropriate material, in one piece and unstretchable, at least 20 mm wide and 3 mm thick, passing through the rings and holding together the two edges of the sheet and the flap; the thong shall be secured inside the sheet and fitted with an eyelet to take the rope mentioned in paragraph 9 of this article. A flap shall not be required if a special device, such as a baffle plate, is fitted, which prevents access to the load compartment without leaving obvious traces. Vol, I079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — IVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités 107 SKETCH No. 1. SHEET MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES SEWN TOGETHER Outside view \ Seam Inside view Seam Seam (thread of a colour different from that of th sheet and from that of the other seam) Section a-a Double flat seam At least Thread visible from the inside 15 mm only and of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam Vol. 1079, 1-16510 108 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités 1978 SKETCH No. 2. SHEET MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES SEWN TOGETHER Comer seam Seam Outside view Inside Seam ^thread of a colour different view from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam Section a-a Thread visible from the inside only and of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — Treaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 109 SKETCH No. 2 (a). SHEET MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES SEWN TOGETHER Corner seam Outside view Inside view ^ Seam (thread oil a colour different from [that of the sheet and from that of the other seam) Thread visible from the inside only and of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam Vol. 1079, 1-16510 110 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Itaités 1978 SKETCH No. 3. SHEET MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES WELDED TOGETHER — —f— Outside view Band of plastic material Section a-a The figures shown are Inside view Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités SKETCH No. 4. REPAIR OF THE SHEET r-'— ~—~ —~— -—-——- - -——j— -}, 1 Séants Outside view <*- n il a "• ; t ! i •_. . ________ _ _ ___ __ J Inside view Se Outside Section a-a Inside At least 15 nun * Threads visible from inside shall be of a colour different from that of the threads visible from the outside and from that of the sheet. - - - - • Vol. 1079, 1-16510 112 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Iraités 1978 SKETCH No. 5. EXAMPLE OF END-PIECE 1. Side view; Front Hollow rivet for passing the thread or strap of the Customs seal (minimum dimensions of the hole! width 5 mm, length 11 mm) Rope Transparent Solid rivet plastic sheath Hard metal end-piece Hole for closing by carrier 2. Side view; Back Vol, 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Tt-aités______113 ANNEX 3 PROCEDURE FOR THE APPROVAL OF ROAD VEHICLES COMPLYING WITH THE TECHNICAL  SET FORTH IN THE REGULATIONS CONTAINED IN ANNEX 2 General 1. Road vehicles may be approved by one of the following procedures: (a) individually, or (b) by design type (series of road vehicles). 2. An approval certificate conforming to the standard form of annex 4 shall be issued for approved vehicles. This certificate shall be printed in the language of the country of issue and in French or English. When the authority which has granted the approval deems it necessary, photographs or diagrams authenticated by that authority shall be attached to the certificate. The number of those documents shall then be inserted by that authority under Item No. 6 of the approval certificate. 3. The approval certificate shall be kept on the road vehicle, 4. Road vehicles shall be produced every two years, for the purposes of inspection and of renewal of approval where appropriate, to the competent authorities of the country in which the vehicle is registered or, in the case of unregistered vehicles, of the country in which the owner or user is resident. 5. If a road vehicle no longer complies with the technical  prescribed for its approval, it shall, before it can be used for the transport of goods under cover of TIR carnets, be restored to the condition which had justified its approval so as to comply again with the said technical . 6. If the essential characteristics of a road vehicle are changed, the vehicle shall cease to be covered by the approval and shall be reapproved by the competent authority before it can be used for the transport of goods under cover of TIR carnets. 7. The competent authorities of the country of registration of the vehicle or, in the case of vehicles for which registration is not required, the competent authorities of the country where the owner or user of the vehicle is established may, as the case may be, withdraw or renew the approval certificate or issue a new approval certificate in the circumstances set out in article 14 of this Convention and in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of this annex. Procedure for individual approval 8. The owner, the operator or the representative of either shall apply to the competent authority for individual approval. The competent authority shall inspect the road vehicle produced in accordance with the general rules laid down in paragraphs 1 to 7 above and shall satisfy itself that the vehicle complies with the technical  prescribed in annex 2, and after approval shall issue a certificate conforming to the model in annex 4. Procedure for approval by design type (series of road vehicles) 9. Where road vehicles are manufactured by type series, the manufacturer may apply to the competent authority of the country of manufacture for approval by design-type. 10. The manufacturer shall state in his application the identification numbers or letters which he assigns to the type of road vehicle to which his application for approval relates. 11. The application shall be accompanied by drawings and a detailed design specification of the type of road vehicle to be approved. 12. The manufacturer shall give an undertaking in writing that he will: (a) produce to the competent authority such vehicles of the type concerned as that authority may wish to examine; (b) permit the competent authority to examine further units at any time during the production of the type series concerned; Vol. 1079, 1-16510 114______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des 1>aités_____1978 (c) advise the competent authority of any change, however small, in the design or specification before proceeding with such change; (d) mark the road vehicles in a visible place with the identification numbers or letters of the design- type and the serial number of the vehicle in the type series (manufacturer's number); (e) keep a record of vehicles manufactured to the approved design-type. 13. The competent authority shall state what changes, if any, must be made to the proposed design-type in order that approval may be granted. 14. No approval by design-type shall be granted unless the competent authority has satisfied itself by examination of one or more vehicles manufactured to the design-type concerned that vehicles of that type comply with the technical  prescribed in annex 2. 15. The competent authority shall notify the manufacturer in writing of its decision to grant approval by design-type. This decision shall be dated and numbered. The authority which took the decision shall be clearly designated. 16. The competent authority shall take the necessary steps to issue an approval certificate, which it has duly signed, in respect of every vehicle built in conformity with an approved design- type. 17. The holder of the approval certificate shall, before using the vehicle for the carriage of goods under the cover of a TIR carnet, fill in, as may be required, on the approval certificate: — the registration number given to the vehicle (Item No. 1); or — in the case of a vehicle not subject to registration, particulars of his name and business address (Item No. 8). 18. When a vehicle which has been approved by design-type is exported to another country which is a Contracting Party to this Convention, no further approval procedure shall be required in that country on account of its importation. Procedure for endorsement of the certificate of approval 19. When an approved vehicle, carrying goods under cover of a TIR carnet, is found to have major defects, the competent authorities of Contracting Parties may either refuse to allow the vehicle to continue its journey under a TIR carnet, or allow the vehicle to continue its journey under a TIR carnet on its territory while taking the necessary security precautions. The approved vehicle must be restored to a satisfactory state as rapidly as possible, and in any case before it is again used for the transport of goods under cover of a TIR carnet. 20. In each of these cases the Customs authorities shall make an appropriate endorsement in Item No. 10 of the certificate of approval of the vehicle. When the vehicle has been restored to a condition which justifies approval, it shall be presented to the competent authorities of a Contracting Party who shall revalidate the certificate by adding an endorsement to Item No. 11 cancelling the earlier observations. No vehicle, the certificate of which has been endorsed at Item No. 10 under the provisions of the preceding paragraph, may again be used for the transport of goods under a TIR carnet until it has been restored to a satisfactory condition and until the endorsement in Item No. 10 has been cancelled as stated above. 21. Each endorsement made on the certificate shall be dated and authenticated by the competent authorities. 22. When a vehicle is found to have defects which the Customs authorities consider to be of minor importance and not involving the risk of smuggling, the continued use of the vehicle for the transport of goods under cover of a TIR carnet can be authorized. The holder of the approval certificate shall be notified of the defects and shall restore his vehicle to a satisfactory state within a reasonable time. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 ANNEX 4 MODEL CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL OF A ROAD VEHICLE (Back page) (Cover page) IMPORTANT NOTICE APPROVAL CERTIFICATE G -, v he au*hority which ^ ^ran*ed the of a road vehicle for the transport of goods I approval deems it necessary, photographs or re diagrams authenticated by that authority, shall mder Customs be attached to the approval certificate. The number of those documents shall then be inserted by the competent authority, under item No. 6 of the certificate. Certificate No. 2. The certificate shall be kept on the road vehicle. TIE Convention of lk November 1975 3. Road vehicles shall be produced every two years, for the purposes of inspection and of renewal of approval where appropriate, to the &. e competent authorities of the country in which the Issued by (competent authority) vehicle is registered or, in the case of unregistered vehicles, of the country in which the owner or user is resident. 4. If a road vehicle no longer complies with the technical  prescribed for its approval, it shall, before it can be used for the transport of goods under cover of TIR carnets, be restored to the condition which had justified -f its approval so as to comply again with the said Si technical . 5. If the essential characteristics of a road vehicle are changed, the vehicle shall cease to be covered by the approval and shall be S reapproved by the competerit authority before it can be used for the transport of goods under cover of TIR carnets. CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL REMARKS g: HO. (reserved for the use of Competent Authorities) 10. Defects noted 11. Rectification of defects o 1. Registration Ho. 2. Type of vehicle G 3. Chassis Ho. 4. Trade mark (or name of manufacturer) I Authority Stamp Authority Stamp 5. Other particulars s- 6. Number of annexes Signature Signature g 7. APPROVAL Valid until 10. Defects noted 11. Rectification of defects P"l individual approval [""] approval by design type (mark applicable alternative with an "X") Stamp Place Authority Stamp .Authority Stamp Date Z Signature Signature Signature a o a IK 8. HOLDER (owner or operator) (for unregistered vehicles only) 0. Defects noted G and address 9. RENEWALS Valid until Authority Stamp Authori ty Stamp Signature Signature Î $• Signature 12. Other remarks Stamp IMPORTANT HOTICE OVERIEAP 1978_____United Nations — Tteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des "fraités______117 ANNEX 5 TIR PLATES 1. The dimensions of the plates shall be 250 mm by 400 mm. 2. The letters TIR in capital Latin characters shall be 200 mm high and their strokes at least 20 mm wide. The letters shall be white on a blue ground. ANNEX 6 EXPLANATORY NOTES Introduction (i) In accordance with the provisions of article 43 of this Convention, the explanatory notes interpret certain provisions of this Convention and of its annexes. They also describe certain recommended practices. (ii) The explanatory notes do not modify the provisions of this Convention or of its annexes but merely make their contents, meaning and scope more precise. (iii) In particular, having regard to the provisions of article 12 of this Convention and of annex 2 relating to the technical  for the approval of road vehicles for transport under Customs seal, the explanatory notes specify, where appropriate, the construction techniques to be accepted by the Contracting Parties as complying with those provisions. The explanatory notes also specify, where appropriate, which construction techniques do not comply with those provisions. (iv) The explanatory notes provide a means of applying the provisions of this Convention and of its annexes so as to take into account the development of technology and economic requirements. 0 MAIN TEXT OF THE CONVENTION 0.1 Article 1 0.1 (b) The fees and charges excepted in article 1, subparagraph (b), mean all sums, other than import or export duties and taxes, levied by Contracting Parties on or in connexion with importation or exportation. These sums shall be limited in amount to the approximate cost of the services rendered and shall not represent an indirect protection to domestic products or a tax on imports or exports for fiscal purposes. Such fees and charges include inter alia payments relating to: — certificates of origin if they are required for transit; — analyses carried out by Customs laboratories for control purposes; — Customs inspections and other clearance operations carried out outside normal working hours or away from Customs offices; — inspections for sanitary, veterinary or phytopathological reasons. 0.1 (e) The term "demountable body" means a load compartment which has no means of locomotion and which is designed to be transported upon a road vehicle, the chassis of which, together with the under-framing of the body, is specially adapted for this purpose. 0.1 (e) (i) The term "partially enclosed", as applied to equipment in article 1, subparagraph (e) (i), relates to equipment generally consisting of a floor and a superstructure marking off a  space equivalent to that of a closed container. The superstructure is generally made up of metal members forming the frame of a container. Containers of this type may also comprise one or more lateral or frontal walls. In some cases there is only a roof attached to the floor by uprights. This type of container is used in particular for the transport of bulky goods (motor cars, for example). Vol. 1079, 1-16510 118______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 0.2 Article 2 0.2-1 Article 2 provides that a transport operation under cover of a TIR carnet may begin and end in the same country on condition that part of the journey is performed in foreign territory. In such cases there is nothing to prevent the Customs authorities of the country of departure from requiring, in addition to the TIR carnet, a national document, intended to ensure duty-free reimportation of the goods. It is nevertheless recommended that Customs authorities should not insist on the use of such a document but accept instead an appropriate endorsement on the TIR carnet. 0.2-2 The provisions of this article allow goods to be carried under cover of a TIR carnet when only part of the journey is made by road. They do not specify what part of the journey has to be made by road and it is sufficient that this should occur at some point between the beginning and the end of the TIR operation. However, it may happen that, for unforeseen reasons of a commercial or accidental nature, no part of the journey can be made by road, despite the intentions of the sender at the start of the journey. In these exceptional cases the Contracting Parties shall nevertheless accept the TIR carnet and the liability of the guaranteeing associa tions shall remain in force. 0.5 Article 5 This article does not exclude the right to carry out spot checks on the goods but stresses that these checks should be very limited in number. The international TIR carnet procedure, in fact, provides protection greater than that given by national procedures. Firstly the particulars on the TIR carnet relating to the goods must agree with the particulars given on the Customs documents which may be required in the country of departure. In addition the countries of transit and destination are given protection by the controls which are carried out at departure and which are certified by the Customs authorities at the office of departure. (See note below to article 19.) 0.6.2 Article 6, paragraph 2 Under the provisions of this paragraph, the Customs authorities of a country may approve more than one association, each of which may incur liability arising from the operations undertaken under cover of the carnets issued by it or by its corresponding associations. 0.8.3 Article 8, paragraph 3 Customs authorities are recommended to limit to a sum equal to $US50,000 per TIR carnet the maximum amount which may be claimed from the guaranteeing association. 0.8.6 Article 8, paragraph 6 1. In the absence in the TIR carnet of particulars detailed enough to enable charges on the goods to be determined, the parties concerned may produce evidence of their precise nature. 2. If no evidence is furnished, duties and taxes will be charged, not at a flat rate unrelated to the nature of the goods, but at the highest rate applicable to the kind of goods covered by the particulars in the TIR carnet. 0.10 Article 10 The certificate of discharge of the TIR carnet shall be regarded as having been obtained in an improper or fraudulent manner when the TIR operation has been carried out by means of load compartments or containers adapted for fraudulent purposes, or when such malpractices as the use of false or inaccurate documents, the substitution of goods, tampering with Customs seals, etc., have been discovered, or when the certificate has been obtained by other illicit means. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______119 0.11 Article 11 0.11-1 In deciding whether or not to release the goods or vehicle, Customs authorities should not, when they have other means in law of protecting the interests for which they are responsible, be influenced by the fact that the guaranteeing association is liable for the payment of duties, taxes and default interest payable by the holder of the carnet. 0.11-2 If a guaranteeing association is asked, in accordance with the procedure set out in article 11, to pay the sums referred to in article 8, paragraphs 1 and 2, and fails to do so within the time-limit of three months prescribed by the Convention, the competent authorities may rely on national regulations in requiring payment of the sums in question because what is involved in such cases is a failure to carry out a contract of guarantee entered into by the guaranteeing association under national law. 0.15 Article 15 Certain difficulties may arise in the case of vehicles not subject to registration, such as in some countries, trailers or semi-trailers, when Customs documents are not required for temporary admission. In that case, the provisions of article 15 may be observed, while assuring adequate protection for the Customs authorities, by recording particulars of these vehicles (make and numbers) on vouchers 1 and 2 of the TIR carnet used by the countries concerned and on the corresponding counterfoils. 0.17 Article 17 0.17-1 The provision that the manifest of the goods covered by the TIR carnet shall show separately the contents of each vehicle of a combination of vehicles, or of each container, is only intended to simplify Customs inspection of the contents of each vehicle or container. This provision shall not therefore be interpreted so rigidly that each variation between the actual contents of a vehicle or container and the contents of that vehicle or container as shown on the manifest is considered a breach of the provisions of the Convention. If the carrier can satisfy the relevant authorities that, notwithstanding such a variation, all the goods shown on the manifest agree with the total of goods loaded in the combination of vehicles or in all the containers covered by the TIR carnet, this shall not normally be considered a breach of Customs requirements. 0.17-2 In the case of household removals, the procedure laid down in para graph 10 (c) of the Rules for the use of the TIR carnet can be applied, the list of articles concerned being reasonably condensed. 0.18 Article 18 0.18-1 It is essential for the smooth operation of the TIR procedure that the Customs authorities of one country should refuse to designate a Customs office of exit as a Customs office of destination for a transport operation which is going on to a neighbouring country when that country is also a Contracting Party to this Convention, unless there are some special circumstances to justify the request. 0.18-2 1. Goods should be so loaded that the consignment to be unloaded at the first un point can be taken out of the vehicle or the container without it being necessary to unload the other consignment or consignments of goods due to be unloaded at the other un points. 2. Where a transport operation involves un at more than one office, it is necessary that, after a partial un, a record of it should be made in box 12 on all the remaining manifests of the TIR carnet, and at the same time another record should be made on the remaining vouchers and the corresponding counterfoils to the effect that new seals have been affixed. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 120______United Nations — Iteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Thutés_____1978 0.19 Article 19 The requirement that the Customs office of departure should check the accuracy of the goods manifest implies the need to verify at least that the particulars in the goods manifest tally with those in the export documents and in the transport or other commercial documents relating to the goods; the Customs office of departure may also have to examine the goods. The Customs office of departure must also, before affixing seals, check the condition of the road vehicle or container and, in the case of sheeted vehicles or containers, the condition of the sheets and sheet fastenings, as this equipment is not included in the certificate of approval. 0.20 Article 20 When fixing time-limits for the transport of goods within their territory, Customs authorities must likewise take into account inter alia any special regulations to which carriers are subject, particularly regulations concerning working hours and mandatory rest periods for drivers of road vehicles. It is recommended that these authorities should exercise their right to prescribe a route only when they consider it essential. 0.21 Article 21 0.21-1 The provisions of this article do not restrict the right of Customs authorities to examine all parts of a vehicle other than the sealed load compartment. 0.21-2 The Customs office of entry may turn back the carrier to the Customs office of exit of the adjacent country if it finds that no clearance has been given by that office or that clearance has not been given in due form. In such cases the Customs office of entry inserts a note in the TIR carnet for the Customs office of exit concerned. 0.21-3 If in the course of an examination, Customs authorities draw samples of goods, a note recording full particulars of the goods taken must be made by those authorities on the goods manifest of the TIR carnet. 0.28 Article 28 1. Article 28 provides that discharge of the TIR carnet at the office of destination shall take place without delay, on condition that the goods are placed under another Customs procedure or cleared for home use. 2. The use of the TIR carnet must be restricted to the function which it was intended to cover, namely the transit operation. The TIR carnet must not, for example, be used to cover the storage of goods under Customs control at destination. Where no irregularity has taken place, the office of destination must discharge the TIR carnet as soon as the goods covered by the carnet have come under another Customs procedure or have been cleared for home use. In practice, discharge must be given as soon as the goods have been directly re-exported (as, for example, when they are shipped on arrival at a port), or as soon as a declaration for Customs purposes has been made at the place of destination, or as soon as the goods have been received into a place approved for storage while awaiting a declaration for Customs purposes (for example, a transit shed), in accordance with the regulations in force in the country of destination. 0.29 Article 29 No certificate of approval is required for road vehicles or containers transporting heavy or bulky goods. It is, nevertheless, the responsibility of the Customs office of departure to make sure that the other  laid down in this article for this type of transport operation are met. Customs offices of other Contracting Parties shall accept the decision of the Customs office of departure unless in their opinion it is clearly in conflict with the provisions of article 29. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______121 0.38.1 Article 38, paragraph 1 A business enterprise should not be excluded from the TIR system because of offences commited by one of its drivers without the knowledge of the manage ment. 0.38.2 Article 38, paragraph 2 Where a Contracting Party has been notified that a person established or resident in its territory has committed an offence on the territory of a foreign country, it need not cease to allow the issue of TIR carnets to that person. 0.39 Article 39 The expression "mistakes committed through negligence" is to be taken to mean acts which, although not committed deliberately and in full knowledge of the facts, are due to a failure to take reasonable and necessary steps to ensure the accuracy of the facts in any particular case. 0.45 Article 45 Contracting Parties are recommended to make the largest possible number of Customs offices, both inland and at the frontier, available for dealing with TIR operations. 2 ANNEX 2 2.2 Article 2 2.2.1 (a) Subparagraph 1 (a), Assembly of constituent parts (a) Where joining devices (rivets, screws, bolts and nuts, etc.) are used, a sufficient number of such devices shall be inserted from outside, traverse the assembled constituent parts, protrude inside and there be firmly secured (e.g., riveted, welded, bushed or bolted and swaged or welded on the nut). However, conventional rivets (i.e., rivets whose placing requires handling from both sides of the assembly of constituent parts) may also be inserted from the inside. Notwithstanding the above, load compartment floors may be secured by means of self-tapping screws, or self-drilling rivets or rivets inserted by means of an explosive charge, when placed from inside and passing at right-angles through the floor and the metallic cross-pieces underneath, on condition, except in the case of self-tapping screws, that some of their ends be flush with the level of the outside part of the cross-piece or be welded on to it. (b) The competent authority shall determine what joining devices, and how many of them, must fulfil the requirements of subparagraph (a) of this note; they shall do so by making sure that the constituent parts so assembled cannot be displaced and replaced without leaving obvious traces. The choice and placing of other joining devices are not subject to any restriction. (c) Joining devices which can be removed and replaced from one side without leaving obvious traces, i.e., without requiring handling from both sides of the constituent parts to be assembled, shall not be allowed under subparagraph (a) of this note. Examples of such devices are expansion rivets, blind rivets and the like. (d) The assembly methods described above shall apply to special vehicles, for example to insulated vehicles, refrigerated vehicles and tank-vehicles in so far as they are not incompatible with the technical requirements which such vehicles must fulfil having regard to their use. Where, due to technical reasons, it is not practicable to secure parts in the manner described in subparagraph (a) of this note, the constituent parts may be joined by means of the devices mentioned in subparagraph (c) of this note provided that the devices used on the inner face of the wall are not accessible from the outside. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 122______United Nations — Tteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 2.2.1 (b) Subparagraph 1 (b), Doors and other cloning systems (a) The device on which Customs seals can be fixed must: (i) be secured by welding, or by not less than two joining devices conforming to subparagraph (a) of explanatory note 2.2.1 (a); or (ii) be so designed that when the load compartment has been closed and sealed the device cannot be removed without leaving obvious traces. It must also: (iii) incorporate holes of not less than 11 mm in diameter or slots of at least 11 mm in length by 3 mm in width, and (iv) afford equal security whatever type of seal is used. (b) Butt hinges, strap hinges, hinge-pins and other devices for hanging doors and the like must be secured in conformity with the requirements of subparagraphs (a) (i) and (ii) of this note. Moreover, the various components of such devices (e.g., hinge-plates, pins or swivels) must be so fitted that they cannot be removed or dismantled when the load compartment is closed and sealed without leaving obvious traces. However, where such a device is not accessible from outside it will suffice if, when the door or the like has been closed and sealed, it cannot be detached from the hinge or similar device without leaving obvious traces. Where a door or closure-device has more than two hinges, only those two hinges nearest to the extremities of the door need to be fixed in conformity with the requirements of subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above. (c) Exceptionally, in the case of vehicles having insulated load compart ments, the Customs sealing device, the hinges and any fittings, the removal of which would give access to the interior of the load compartment or to spaces in which goods could be concealed, may be fixed to the doors of such load compartments by means of set bolts or set screws which are inserted from the outside but which do. not otherwise meet the requirements of explanatory note 2.2.1 (a), subparagraph (a), above, on condition that: (i) the tails of the set bolts or set screws are fixed into a tapping plate or similar device fitted behind the outer layer or layers of the door structure; and (ii) the heads of the appropriate number of set bolts or set screws are so welded to the Customs sealing device, hinges, etc., that they are completely deformed and that the set bolts or set screws cannot be removed without leaving visible signs of tampering.* The term "insulated load compartment" is to be taken to include refrigerated and isothermic load compartments. (d) Vehicles comprising a large number of such closures as valves, stopcocks, manhole covers, flanges and the like must be designed so as to keep the number of Customs seals to a minimum. To this end, neighbouring closures must be interconnected by a common device requiring only one Custom seal, or must be provided with a cover meeting the same purpose. (e) Vehicles with opening roofs must be constructed in such manner as to permit sealing with a minimum number of Customs seals. 2.2.1 (c)-l Subparagraph 1 (c), Ventilation apertures (a) Their greatest dimension must, in principle, not exceed 400 mm. (b) Apertures permitting direct access to the load compartment, must be obstructed by means of wire gauze or perforated metal screens (maximum dimension of holes: 3 mm in both cases) and protected by welded metal lattice work (maximum dimension of holes: 10 mm). (c) Apertures not permitting direct access to the load compartment (e.g., because of elbow or baffle-plate systems) must be provided with the same devices, * See Sketch No. 1 appended to this annex. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______123 in which, however, the dimensions of the holes may be as much as 10 mm and 20 mm respectively. (d) Where openings are made in sheets, the devices referred to in subparagraph (b) of this note must in principle be prescribed. However, blocking devices in the form of a perforated metal screen fitted outside, and wire or other gauze fitted inside, will be allowed. (ë) Identical non-metal devices may be allowed provided that the holes are of the requisite dimensions and the material used is strong enough to prevent the holes from being substantially enlarged without visible damage. In addition, it must be impossible to replace the ventilation device by working from one side of the sheet only. 2.2.1 (c)-2 Subparagraph 1 (c), Drainage apertures (a) Their greatest dimension must, in principle, not exceed 35 mm. (b) Apertures permitting direct access to the load compartment must be pirroovided with the devices described in subparagraph (b) of explanatory note 22..22.1. (c)-l for ventilation apertures. (c) When drainage apertures do not permit direct access to the load compartment, the devices referred to in subparagraph (b) of this note will not be prescribed, on condition that the apertures are provided with a reliable baffle system readily accessible from inside the load compartment. 2.3 Article 3 2.3.3 Paragraph 3, Sheets made up of several pieces (a) The several pieces constituting one sheet may be made of different materials conforming to the provisions of annex 2, article 3, paragraph 2. (b) Any arrangement of the pieces which adequately guarantees security will be allowed in making up the sheet, on condition that the pieces are assembled in conformity with the requirements of annex 2, article 3. 2.3.6 (a) Subparagraph 6 (a), Vehicles with sliding rings Metal securing rings sliding on metal bars fixed to the vehicles are acceptable for the purpose of this paragraph (see Sketch No. 2 appended to this annex) provided that: (a) the bars are affixed to the vehicle at maximum spacings of 60 cm and in such a manner that they cannot be removed and replaced without leaving obvious traces; (b) the rings are made with a double hoop or equipped with a central bar and made in one piece without the use of welding; and (c) the sheet is fixed to the vehicle in strict compliance with the  set forth in annex 2, article 1 (a), of this Convention. 2.3.6 (b) Subparagraph 6 (b), Permanently-secured sheets Where one or more edges of the sheet are permanently attached to the body of the vehicle, the sheet shall be held in place by one or more strip[s] of metal or other suitable material secured to the body of the vehicle by joining devices meeting the requirements of subparagraph (a) of note 2.2.1 (a) of this annex. 2.3.9 Paragraph 9, Textile-cored steel fastening ropes For purposes of this paragraph, ropes comprising a textile core surrounded by six strands consisting solely of steel wire and completely covering the core will be allowed on condition that the ropes (without taking into account the transparent plastic sheath, if any) are not less than 3 mm in diameter. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 124______United Nations — Treaty Series « Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 2.3.11 (a) Subparagraph 11 (a), Sheet-tensioning flaps The sheets of many vehicles are provided on the outside with a horizontal flap pierced by eyelets running along the length of the side of the vehicle. Such flaps, known as tensioning flaps, are used to tauten the sheet by means of tensioning cords or similar devices. Such flaps have been used to conceal horizontal slits made in the sheets giving improper access to the goods carried in the vehicle. It is therefore recommended that the use of flaps of this type should not be allowed. The following devices may be used instead: (a) tensioning flaps of similar design fixed on the inside of the sheet; or (b) small individual flaps each pierced by one eyelet secured to the outside surface of the sheet and spaced at such distances as will permit an adequate tensioning of the sheet. Alternatively, it may be possible in certain cases to avoid the use of tensioning flaps on sheets. 2.3.11 (c) Subparagraph 11 (c), Sheet thongs 2.3.11 (c)-l The following materials are regarded as suitable for making thongs: (a) leather; (b) non-tensile textile materials including plastic-covered or rubberized cloth, provided that such materials cannot after severance be welded or reconstituted without leaving obvious traces. Furthermore, the plastic material used to cover thongs shall be transparent and smooth-surfaced. 2.3.11 (c)-2 The device shown in Sketch No. 3 appended to this annex meets the requirements of the last part of annex 2, article 3, paragraph 11. It also meets the requirements of annex 2, article 3, paragraph 6. 3 ANNEX 3 3.0.17 Approval procedure 1. Annex 3 provides that the competent authorities of a Contracting Party may issue a certificate of approval in respect of a vehicle constructed within its territory and that no additional approval procedures shall be applied in respect of such a vehicle in the country where it is registered or, as the case may be, where the owner is resident. 2. These provisions are not intended to restrict the right of the competent authorities of the Contracting Party where the vehicle is registered or where the owner is resident to require the production of such a certificate of approval either at importation or subsequently for purposes connected with the registration or control of the vehicle or with similar legal requirements. 3.0.20 Procedure for endorsement of the certificate of approval When an endorsement concerning defects is to be cancelled after the vehicle has been restored to a satisfactory state, it is sufficient to state, under Item No. 11 provided for the purpose, "Defects rectified" followed by the name, signature and stamp of the competent authority concerned. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 SKETCH No. 1. EXAMPLE OF HINGE AND CUSTOMS SEALING DEVICE ON DOORS OF VEHICLES HAVING INSULATED LOAD COMPARTMENTS G g. Door Pivoting section Pivot bush ! 'Pivot a Set-screw head completely deformed ty welding. Sot Hinge 'accessible when door sealed blade Lever Tapped Holes for customs seals metal "back plate plate Head ot set-bolt or set- screw completely deformed Dy welding Tapped metal plate Head of bolt or Insulating material screw fully welded and completely deformed Customs sealing device Hinge 126 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 1978 SKETCH No. 2. SHEETED VEHICLES WITH SLIDING RINGS Double hooped ring X Metal bar Fastening wire Alternative ring with centre bar Bar attachment points Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — IVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités 127 SKETCH No. 3. EXAMPLE OF A DEVICE FOR FASTENING VEHICLE SHEETS The device illustrated below meets the requirements of the last part of paragraph 11 of annex 2, article 3. It also meets the requirements of annex 2, article 3, paragraph 6. Sheet Sheet-fastening rope Securing Part of Sheet Metal bar, riveted Vol. 1079, M6510 128 United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Thlités 1978 SKETCH No. 4. DEVICE FOR FASTENING SHEETS The device illustrated below meets the requirements of annex 2, article 3, subparagraph 6 («). Sheet Iron girder Floor Securing ring Fastening rope Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______129 ANNEX 7 ANNEX REGARDING APPROVAL OF CONTAINERS PART I. REGULATIONS ON TECHNICAL  APPLICABLE TO CONTAINERS WHICH MAY BE ACCEPTED FOR INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORT UNDER CUSTOMS SEAL Article 1. BASIC PRINCIPLES Approval for the international transport of goods under Customs seal may be granted only to containers constructed and equipped in such a manner that: (a) no goods can be removed from, or introduced into, the sealed part of the container without leaving visible traces of tampering or without breaking the Customs seal; (b) Customs seals can be simply and effectively affixed to them; (c) they contain no concealed spaces where goods may be hidden; (d) all spaces capable of holding goods are readily accessible for Customs inspection. Article 2. STRUCTURE OF CONTAINERS 1. To meet the requirements of article 1 of these Regulations: (a) The constituent parts of the container (sides, floor, doors, roof, uprights, frames, cross- pieces, etc.) shall be assembled either by means of devices which cannot be removed and replaced from the outside without leaving visible traces or by such methods as will produce a structure which cannot be modified without leaving visible traces. When the sides, floor, doors and roof are made up of various components, these shall meet the same requirements and be of sufficient strength. (b) Doors and all other closing systems (including stopcocks, manhole-covers, flanges, etc.) shall be fitted with a device on which Customs seals can be fixed. This device must be such that it cannot be removed and replaced from outside the container without leaving visible traces, or the door or fastening be opened without breaking the Customs seals. The latter shall be adequately protected. Opening roofs shall be permitted. (c) Apertures for ventilation and drainage shall be provided with a device preventing access to the interior of the container. This device must be such that it cannot be removed and replaced from outside the container without leaving visible traces. 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of article 1 (c) of these Regulations, constituent parts of the container which, for practical reasons, have to include empty spaces (for example, between the partitions of a double wall) shall be permitted. In order that the said spaces cannot be used to conceal goods: (i) it shall not be possible to remove and replace the lining inside the container without leaving visible traces; or (ii) the number of the said spaces shall be kept to a minimum and these spaces shall be readily accessible for Customs inspection. Article 3. CONTAINERS CAPABLE OF BEING FOLDED OR DISMANTLED Containers capable of being folded or dismantled shall be subject to the provisions of articles 1 and 2 of these Regulations; in addition, they shall be fitted with a bolting system which locks the various parts together once the container has been erected. This bolting system must be capable of being sealed by the Customs if it is on the outside of the container when the latter has been erected. Article 4. SHEETED CONTAINERS 1. Where applicable, the provisions of articles 1, 2 and 3 of these Regulations shall apply to sheeted containers. In addition, these containers shall conform to the provisions of this article. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 130______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 2. The sheet shall be either of strong canvas or of plastic-covered or rubberized cloth, which shall be of sufficient strength and unstretchable. It shall be in good condition and made up in such a way that once the closing device has been secured, it is impossible to gain access to the load without leaving visible traces. 3. If the sheet is made up of several pieces, their edges shall be folded into one another and sewn together with two seams at least 15 mm apart. These seams shall be made as shown in Sketch No. 1 appended to these Regulations; however, where in the case of certain parts of the sheet (such as flaps at the rear and reinforced corners) it is not possible to assemble the pieces in that way, it shall be sufficient to fold the edge of the top section and make the seams as shown in Sketch No. 2 appended to these Regulations. One of the seams shall be visible only from the inside and the colour of the thread used for that seam shall be clearly different from the colour of the sheet itself and from the colour of the thread used for the other seam. All seams shall be machine-sewn. 4. If the sheet is of plastic-covered cloth, and is made up of several pieces, the pieces may alternatively be welded together in the manner shown in Sketch No. 3 appended to these Regulations. The edges of the pieces shall overlap by at least 15 mm. The pieces shall be fused together over the whole width of the overlap. The edge of the outer sheet shall be covered with a band of plastic material at least 7 mm wide, affixed by the same welding process. The plastic band and a width of at least 3 mm on each side shall have a well-marked uniform relief stamped on it. The pieces shall be welded in such a way that they cannot be separated and rejoined without leaving visible traces. 5. Repairs shall be made in accordance witfi the method described in Sketch No. 4 appended to these Regulations; the edges shall be folded iniy one another and sewn together with two visible seams at least 15 mm apart; the colour of the thiead visible from the inside shall be different from that of the thread visible from the outside and from that of the sheet itself; all seams shall be machine-sewn. When a sheet which has been damaged near the edges is repaired by replacing the damaged part by a patch, the seam can also be made in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3 of this article and Sketch No. 1 appended to these Regulations. Sheets of plastic-covered cloth may alternatively be repaired in accordance with the method described in paragraph 4 of this article, but in that case the weld must be made on both sides of the sheet, the patch being fitted on the inside of the sheet. 6. (a) The sheet shall be fixed to the container in strict compliance with the  set forth in article 1, (a) and (b), of these Regulations. The following types of fastening shall be provided: (i) metal rings fixed to the container; (ii) eyelets in the edge of the sheet; (iii) a fastening passing through the rings above the sheet and visible from the outside for its entire length. The sheet shall overlap solid parts of the container by at least 250 mm, measured from the centre of the securing rings, unless the system of construction of the container by itself prevents all access to the goods. (b) When the edge of a sheet is to be permanently secured to a container, the joint shall be continuous and effected by means of solid devices. 7. The interval between rings and between eyelets shall not exceed 200 mm. The eyelets shall be reinforced. 8. The following fastenings shall be used: (a) steel wire rope of at least 3 mm diameter; or (b) a rope of hemp or sisal of at least 8 mm diameter encased in a transparent unstretchable plastic sheath. Wire ropes may have a transparent unstretchable plastic sheath. 9. Each rope shall be in one piece and have a hard metal end-piece at each end. The fastener of each metal end-piece shall include a hollow rivet passing through the rope so as to allow the introduction of the thread or the strap of the Customs seal. The rope shall remain visible on either side of the hollow rivet so that it is possible to ensure that the rope is in one piece (see Sketch No. 5 appended to these Regulations). Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des TV-aités______131 10. At the openings in the sheet, used for  and un, the two edges of the sheet shall have an adequate overlap. They shall also be fastened by: (a) a flap sewn or welded in accordance with paragraphs 3 and 4 of this article; (b) rings and eyelets meeting the  of paragraph 7 of this article; and (c) a thong made of appropriate material, in one piece and unstretchable, at least 20 mm wide and 3 mm thick, passing through the rings and holding together the two edges of the sheet and the flap; the thong shall be secured inside the sheet and fitted with an eyelet to take the rope mentioned in paragraph 8 of this article. A flap shall not be required if a special device, such as a baffle plate, is fitted, which prevents access to the goods without leaving visible traces. 11. The identification marks, which must appear on the container, and the approval plate provided for in part II of this annex, shall in no circumstances be covered by the sheet. Article 5. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS Until 1 January 1977, end-pieces shall be allowed which conform to Sketch No. 5 appended to these Regulations, even if they include hollow rivets of a type previously accepted with holes of dimensions less than those given in the sketch. Vol. 1079. I-16510 132 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 1978 PART I, SKETCH No. I. SHEETS MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES Sewn together by means of seams Outside view \ Seam Inside view Seam Seam (thread of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam) Section a-a Double flat seam At least Thread visible from the inside 15 mm only and of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 133 PART I, SKETCH No. 2. SHEETS MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES Corner seam Scam Outside view Inside view Seam (thread of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam) Section a-a Thread visible from the inside only and of a colour different from that of the sheet and from that of the other seam NOTE. The corner seams made according to the method illustrated in Sketch No. 2 (a) in annex 2 of this Convention are also allowed. Vol. 1079, I-16510 134 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 1978 PART I, SKETCH No. 3. SHEETS MADE OF SEVERAL PIECES Welded together Outside view Band of plastic material Section a-a1 The figures shown are millimetres Inside view Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 135 PART I, SKETCH No. 4. REPAIR OF THE SHEET Outside view Seams Inside view Seams Section a-a Outside Inside At least 15 mm * Threads visible from the inside shall be of a colour different from that of the threads visible from the outside and from that of the sheet. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 136 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 1978 PART I, SKETCH No. 5. SPECIMEN OF END-PIECE Hollow rivet for passing the thread or the strap of the Customs seal (minimum dimensions of the hole: width J ™i> length 11 mm) Rope Transparent Solid rivet plastic sheath Hard metal end-piece 1. Side view: Front Hole for closing by carrier 2. Side view: Back Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Tt-aités______137 PART n. PROCEDURES FOR THE APPROVAL OF CONTAINERS COMPLYING WITH THE TECHNICAL  PRESCRIBED IN PART I General 1. Containers may be approved for the transport of goods under Customs seal either: (a) at the manufacturing stage, by design type (procedure for approval at the manufacturing stage); or (b) at a stage subsequent to manufacture, either individually or in respect of a specified number of containers of the same type (procedure for approval at a stage subsequent to manufacture). Provisions common to both approval procedures 2. The competent authority responsible for granting approval shall issue to the applicant, after approval, a certificate of approval valid, as the case may be, either for an unlimited series of containers of the approved type of for a specified number of containers. 3. The beneficiary of approval shall affix an approval plate to the approved container or containers before their use for the transport of goods under Customs seal. 4. The approval plate shall be affixed permanently and in a clearly visible place adjacent to any other approval plate issued for official purposes. 5. The approval plate, conforming to Model No. I reproduced in appendix 1 to this part, shall take the form of a metal plate measuring not less than 20 cm by 10 cm. The following particulars shall be stamped into or embossed on the plate or indicated on its surface in any other permanent and legible way, in at least the English or the French language: (a) the words "Approved for transport under Customs seal"; (b) an indication of the country in which approval was granted either by name or by means of the distinguishing sign used to indicate the country of registration of motor vehicles in international road traffic, and the number (figures, letters, etc.) of the certificate of approval and the year (e.g., "NL/26/73" means "Netherlands, Certificate of Approval No. 26, issued in 1973"); (c) the serial number assigned to the container by the manufacturer (manufacturer's number); (d) if the container has been approved by type, the identification numbers or letters of the type of container. 6. If a container no longer complies with the technical  prescribed for its approval, it shall, before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal, be restored to the condition which had justified its approval, so as to comply again with the said technical . 7. If the essential characteristics of a container are changed, the container shall cease to be covered by the approval and shall be reapproved by the competent authority before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal. Special provisions for approval by design type at the manufacturing stage 8. Where the containers are manufactured by type series, the manufacturer may apply to the competent authority of the country of manufacture for approval by design type. 9. The manufacturer shall state in his application the identification numbers or letters which he assigns to the type of container to which his application for approval relates. 10. The application shall be accompanied by drawings and a detailed design specification of the container type to be approved. 11. The manufacturer shall give an undertaking in writing that he will: (a) produce to the competent authority such containers of the type concerned as that authority may wish to examine; (b) permit the competent authority to examine further units at any time during the production of the type series concerned; (c) advise the competent authority of any change, of whatever magnitude, in the design or specification before proceeding with such change; Vol. 1079, I-165IO 138______United Nations — Treaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 (d) mark thé containers in a visible place with, in addition to the markings required on the approval plate, the identification numbers or letters of the design type and the serial number of the container in the type series (manufacturer's number); (<?) keep a record of containers manufactured to the approved design type. 12. The competent authority shall state what changes, if any, must be made to the proposed design type so that approval may be granted. 13. No type-approval by design type shall be granted unless the competent authority has satisfied itself by examination of one or more containers manufactured to the design type concerned that containers of that type comply with the technical  prescribed in part I. 14. When a container type is approved there shall be issued to the applicant a single certificate of approval conforming to Model No. II reproduced in appendix 2 to this part and valid for all containers manufactured in conformity with the specifications of the type so approved. Such certificate shall entitle the manufacturer to affix to every container of the type series an approval plate in the form prescribed in paragraph 5 of this part. Special provisions for approval at a stage subsequent to manufacture 15. If approval has not been applied for at the manufacturing stage, the owner, the operator, or the representative of either, may apply for approval to the competent authority to which he is able to produce the container or containers and for which he seeks approval. 16. An application for approval submitted under paragraph 15 of this part shall state the serial number (manufacturer's number) placed on each container by the manufacturer. 17. When the competent authority has ascertained that the container or containers comply with the technical  prescribed in part I, by examination of as many containers as it considers necessary, it shall issue a certificate of approval conforming to Model No. Ill reproduced in appendix 3 to this part and valid solely for the number of containers approved. Such certificate, which shall bear the manufacturer's serial number or numbers assigned to the container or containers to which it relates, shall entitle the applicant to affix to each container so approved the approval plate prescribed in paragraph 5 of this part. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 APPENDIX 1 TO PART II MODEL No. I. APPROVAL PLATE (English version) G a g S. APPROVED FOR TRANSPORT -? UNDER CUSTOMS SEAL I NL/26/73 S. MANUFACTURERS No Q. OF THE CONTAINER tS g § Metal plate Container wall * Only in case of approval by design type. APPENDIX 1 TO PART H i MODEL No. I. APPROVAL PLATE (French version) o. Z AGREE POUR LE TRANSPORT SOUS SCELLEMENT DOUANIER NL/26/73 TYPE.^ N° DE FABRICATION DU CONTENEUR Ï Metal plate Container wall * Only in case of approval by design type. 1978_____United Nations — Iteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Tf aités______141 APPENDIX 2 TO PART II MODEL No. II. CUSTOMS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORT OF GOODS UNDER COVER OF TIR CARNETS (1975) CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL BY DESIGN TYPE 1. Certificate No.* ............................................................. 2. This is to certify that the container design type described below has been approved and that containers manufactured to this type can be accepted for the transport of goods under Customs seal. < 3. Kind of container ............................................................ 4. Identification number or letters of the design type ................................. 5. Identification number of the working drawings .................................... 6. Identification number of the design specifications ................................. 7. Tare weight ................................................................. 8. External dimensions in cm .................................................... 9. Essential characteristics of structure (nature of materials, kind of construction, etc.) .... 10. This certificate is valid for all containers manufactured in conformity with the drawings and specifications referred to above. 11. Issued to ................................................................... (manufacturer's name and address) who is authorized to affix an approval plate to each container of the approved design type manufactured by him, at ................................ on ................................ 19 (place) (date) by ......................................................................... (signature and stamp of issuing service or organhation) (See notice overleaf) IMPORTANT NOTICE (Annex 7, part II, paragraphs 6 and 7, to the Customs Convention on the International Transport of Goods under cover of TIR Carnets, 1975) 6. If a container no longer complies with the technical  prescribed for its approval, it shall, before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal, be restored to the condition which had justified its approval, so as to comply again with the said technical . 7. If the essential characteristics of a container are changed, the container shall cease to be covered by the approval and shall be reapproved by the competent authority before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal. * Insert the letters and figures, which are to be marked on the approval plate (see annex 7, part II, paragraph 5 (b), to the Customs Convention on the International Transport of Goods under cover of TIR Carnets, 1975). Vol. 1079, 1-16510 142______United Nations — lï-eaty Séries « Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 APPENDIX 3 TO PART II MODEL No. III. CUSTOMS CONVENTION ON THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORT OF GOODS UNDER COVER OF TIR CARNETS (1975) CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL GRANTED AT A STAGE SUBSEQUENT TO MANUFACTURE 1. Certificate No.* .............................................................. 2. This is to certify that the container (containers) specified below has (have) been approved for the transport of goods under Customs seal. 3. Kind of container(s) ........................................................... 4. Serial number(s) assigned to the container(s) by the manufacturer ..................... 5. Tare weight .................................................................. 6. External dimensions in cm ..................................................... 7. Essential characteristics of structure (nature of materials, kind of construction, etc.) ..... 8. Issued to .................................................................... (applicant's name and address) who is authorized to affix an approval plate to the above-mentioned container(s), at ................................ on ................................ 19 ... (place) (date) by .......................................................................... (signature and stamp of issuing service or organization) (See notice overleaf) IMPORTANT NOTICE (Annex 7, pan II, paragraphs 6 and 7, to the Customs Convention on the International Transport of Goods under cover of TIR Carnets, 1975) 6. If a container no longer complies with the technical  prescribed for its approval, it shall, before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal, be restored to the condition which had justified its approval, so as to comply again with the said technical . 7. If the essential characteristics of a container are changed, the container shall cease to be covered by the approval and shall be reapproved by the competent authority before it can be used for the transport of goods under Customs seal. * Insert the letters and figures, which are to be marked on the approval plate (see annex 7, part II, paragraph 5 (b), to the Customs Convention on the International Transport of Goods under cover of TIR Carnets, 1975). Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TValtés______143 PART m. EXPLANATORY NOTES 1. The explanatory notes to annex 2 set out in annex 6 of this Convention apply mutatis mutandis to containers approved for transport under Customs seal for the application of this Convention. 2. Part I, article 4, paragraph 6, subparagraph (a). Example of a system of affixing sheets around containers' corner-castings, acceptable from a Customs point of view, is given in the sketch appended to this part III. 3. Part II, paragraph 5. If two sheeted containers, approved for transport under Customs seal have been joined together in such a way that they form one container, covered by a single sheet and fulfilling the  for transport under Customs seal, a separate certificate of approval, or approval plate, shall not be required for the combination. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 PART in. DEVICE FOR AFFIXING SHEETS AROUND CONTAINERS' CORNER CASTINGS The device illustrated below meets the requirements of part I, article 4, paragraph 6, subparagraph (a). Application at corner posts a. o Hoof sheet Sheet retaining rope G S Sectional view I 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______145 ANNEX 8 COMPOSITION AND RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE Article 1. (i) The Contracting Parties shall be members of the Administrative Committee. (ii) The Committee may decide that the competent administrations of States referred to in article 52, paragraph 1, of this Convention which are not Contracting Parties or representatives of international organizations may, for questions which interest them, attend the sessions of the Committee as observers. Article 2. The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall provide the Committee with secretariat services. Article 3. The Committee shall, at its first session each year, elect a chairman and a vice- chairman. Article 4. The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall convene under the auspices of the Economic Commission for Europe the Committee annually and also at the request of the competent administrations of at least five States which are Contracting Parties. Article 5. Proposals shall be put to the vote. Each State which is a Contracting Party represented at the session shall have one vote. Proposals other than amendments to this Convention shall be adopted by the Committee by a majority of those present and voting. Amendments to this Convention and the decisions referred to in articles 59 and 60 of this Convention shall be adopted by a two-thirds majority of those present and voting. Article 6. A quorum consisting of not less than half of the States which are Contracting Parties is required for the purposes of taking decisions. Article 7. Before the closure of its session, the Committee shall adopt its report. Article 8. In the absence of relevant provisions in this annex, the Rules of Procedure of the Economic Commission for Europe shall be applicable unless the Committee decides otherwise. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 flOBABJIEHHE 1 K HACTHII OBPASEU Ka I. TABJIHHKA o nonvmEHHH (AmnuûcKuû eapuawri) >200 mm- APPROVED FOR TRANSPORT UNDER CUSTOMS SEAL ML/ 26/73 g MANUFACTURERS No OF THE CONTAINER * TojibKO B oiynae nonymeHH» no THny KOHcrpyKiiHH. 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des IVaités______267 For Afghanistan: Pour l'Afghanistan : 3a For Albania: Pour l'Albanie 3a For Algeria: Pour l'Algérie 3a For Argentina: Pour l'Argentine 3a For Australia: Pour l'Australie 3a \bl. 1079, 1-16510 268______United Nations — treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 For Austria: Pour l'Autriche : 3a ABCTPHK»: RUDOLF MARTINS 27 of April, 1976 Subject to ratification1 For the Bahamas: Pour les Bahamas : 3a BaraMCKHe oerpOBa: For Bahrain: Pour Bahrein : 3 a BaxpeiiH: For Bangladesh: Pour le Bangladesh 3a For Barbados: Pour la Barbade : 3a: ' Sous réserve de ratification. Vol. 1079, I-165IO 1978 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______269 For Belgium: Pour la Belgique : 3a Eejibrmo: P. NOTERDAEME 22-XH-76 Sous réserve de ratification1 For Bénin: Pour le Bénin : 3a HapoflHyio PecnyôJiHKy BBHHH: For Bhutan: Pour le Bhoutan : 3a: For Bolivia: Pour la Bolivie 3a EOJIHBHKX For Botswana: Pour le Botswana 3a For Brazil: Pour le Brésil 3a Subject to ratification. V>L 1079, 1-16510 270______United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 For Bulgaria: Pour la Bulgarie : 3a Bojirapnio: For Burma: Pour la Birmanie 3a For Burundi: Pour le Burundi 3a For the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic: Pour la République socialiste soviétique de Biélorussie : 3a Eejiopyccjcyio CoBCTCKyio CoijuajiHCTHHecKyio PecnyôjiHKy: For Cambodia: Pour le Cambodge 3a For Canada: Pour le Canada 3a Kanany: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______271 For Cape Verde: Pour le Cap-Vert : 3a OcrpoBa SeJienoro Mbica: For thé Central African Republic: Pour la République centrafricaine : 3a U,eHTpajibHoaqbpHKaHCKyio PecnyÔJiHKy: For Chad: Pour le Tchad 3a For Chile: Pour le Chili 3a For China: Pour la Chine 3a For Colombia: Pour la Colombie 3a Vol. 1079, 1-16510 272______United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Tt-aités_____1978 For the Comoros: Pour les Comores : 3a KoMOpCKHe ocrpOBa: For thé Congo: Pour le Congo : 3a Konro: For Costa Rica: Pour le Costa Rica 3a Kocra-Pmcy: For Cuba: Pour Cuba 3a Kyôy: For Cyprus: Pour Chypre 3a Knnp: For Czechoslovakia: Pour la Tchécoslovaquie 3 a HexocjiOBaKHio: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — treaty Series « Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______273 For the Democratic People's Republic of Korea: Pour la République populaire démocratique de Corée : 3a KopeikKyio HapOHHO-fleMOicpaTHHecKyio PecnyôjiHKy: For the Democratic Republic of Viet-Nam: Pour la République démocratique du Viet-Nam : 3a fleMOKpaTHHecKyio PecnyÔjiHKy BberaaM: For Democratic Yemen: Pour le Yemen démocratique : 3a JJeMOKpaTHHecKHH MeMen: For Denmark: Pour le Danemark : 3a JJaHHio: December 21st, 1976 HANS ERIK KASTOFT For the Dominican Republic: Pour la République dominicaine : 3a floMHHHKaHcicyio PecnyôjiHKy: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 274 United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 For Ecuador: Pour l'Equateur 3a For Egypt: Pour l'Egypte 3a Brunei1: For El Salvador: Pour El Salvador 3a For Equatorial Guinea: Pour la Guinée équatoriale 3a For Ethiopia: Pour l'Ethiopie : 3a 3dpnoiiHK>: For Fiji: Pour Fidji 3a Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978 United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______275 For Finland: Pour la Finlande : 33 <E>HHJIHHflHK): 28/12-76 MAURI EGGERT For France: Pour la France : 3a <&pamjHio: 30-XII-1976 FERNAND-LAURENT For Gabon: Pour le Gabon 3a For Gambia: Pour la Gambie 3a For the German Democratic Republic: Pour la République démocratique allemande : 3a FepMaHCKyio fleMOKpaTHHecKyio PecnyôJiHKy: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 276 ______ United Nations — Tteaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_ ____1 978 For Germany, Federal Republic of: Pour l'Allemagne, République fédérale d' 3a Sous réserve de ratification1 30 décembre 1976 OTTO Baron VON STEMPEL For Ghana: Pour le Ghana 3a Fany: For Greece: Pour la Grèce : 3 a Fpeuytiio: Geneva, 30 December 1976 Subject to ratification2 A. METAXAS For Grenada: Pour la Grenade 3a For Guatemala: Pour le Guatemala 3a 1 Subjet to ratification. 2 Sous réserve de ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — IVeaty Séries » Nations Unies — Recuea des TVaités______277 For Guinea: Pour la Guinée : 3a FBHHCIO: For Guinea-Bissau: Pour la Guinée-Bissau 3a For Guyana: Pour la Guyane 3a For Haiti: Pour Haïti : 3a Fan™: For the Holy See: Pour le Saint-Siège : 3a CBHTCHIIIHH Flpecroji: For Honduras: Pour le Honduras 3a FoHflypac: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 278_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Ti-aités_____1978 For Hungary: Pour la Hongrie : 3;a BeHrpmb: D. KUZSEL 23.11.1976 For Iceland: Pour l'Islande : 3a For India: Pour J'Inde 3a For Indonesia: Pour l'Indonésie 3a For Iran: Pour l'Iran : 3 a Mpan: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______279 For Iraq: Pour l'Iraq : 3a Hpaïc: For Ireland: Pour l'Irlande : 3a HpjiaHfluio: ANNE ANDERSON-WHEELER 30/12/76 Subject to ratification1 For Israel: Pour Israël 3a For Italy: Pour l'Italie : 3a Hranmo: RINALDO PETRIGNANI Sous réserve de ratification2 28 décembre 1976 For the Ivory Coast: Pour la Côte-d'Ivoire : 3a Beper Cnonosofl KOCTH: 1 Sous réserve de ratification. 2 Subject to ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 280______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 For Jamaica: Pour la Jamaïque : 3a For Japan: Pour le Japon : 3a For Jordan: Pour la Jordanie 3a For Kenya: Pour le Kenya 3a For Kuwait: Pour le Koweït 3a For Laos: Pour le Laos : 3a Jlaoc: Vbl. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Itaités______281 For Lebanon: Pour le Liban : 3a For Lesotho: Pour le Lesotho 3a JlecoTo: For Libéria: Pour le Libéria 3a For the Libyan Arab Republic: Pour la République arabe libyenne : 3a JlHBHHCKyio ApaôcKyio PecnyÔJiHKy: For Liechtenstein: Pour le Liechtenstein 3a \M. 1079, 1-16510 282______United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités_____1978 For Luxembourg: Pour le Luxembourg : 3a JIioKceMÔypr: JACQUELINE ANCEL-LENNERS 23 XII 1976 Sous réserve de ratification1 For Madagascar: Pour Madagascar 3a MaaaracKap: For Malawi: Pour le Malawi 3 a MarcaBu: For Malaysia: Pour la Malaisie : 3 a MajiaHCKVK) <ï>enepam«o: For thé Maldives: Pour les Maldives 3a 1 Subject to ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______283 For Mali: Pour le Mali : 3a For Malta: Pour Malte : 3a MajibTy: For Mauritania: Pour la Mauritanie 3a For Mauritius: Pour Maurice : 3a For Mexico: Pour le Mexique 3a For Monaco: Pour Monaco 3a Vol, 1079, 1-16510 284______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités_____1978 For Mongolia: Pour la Mongolie : 3a MOHFOJIHIO: For Morocco: Pour le Maroc : 3 a MapoKKo: 15 octobre 1976 Au SKALLI Sous réserve de ratification1 For Mozambique: Pour le Mozambique 3a For Nauru: Pour Nauru 3a Haypy: For Népal: Pour le Népal 3a Henaji: 1 Subject to ratification. Vbl. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______285 For the Netherlands: Pour les Pays-Bas : 3a HHgepJiaHflbi: C. A. VAN DER KLAAUW Sous réserve de ratification1 28/12/1976 For New Zealand: Pour la Nouvelle-Zélande : 3a HOBVK> 3ejiaHflHK>: For Nicaragua: Pour le Nicaragua 3a Hmcaparya: For the Niger: Pour le Niger : 3a~~ For Nigeria: Pour le Nigeria 3a HnrepHK>: 1 Subject to ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 286______United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des Iraités_____1978 For Norway: Pour la Norvège : 3a Hopeernio: For Oman: Pour l'Oman : 3a OMHH: For Pakistan: Pour le Pakistan 3a For Panama: Pour le Panama 3a For Papua New Guinea: Pour la Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinée 3a ITanya-HoByio For Paraguay: Pour le Paraguay: 3a ITaparBaô: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recneil des Traités______287 For Peru: Pour le Pérou : 3a Ilepy: For the Philippines: Pour les Philippines 3a For Poland: Pour la Pologne 3a For Portugal: Pour le Portugal : 3 a riopryrajiHio: For Qatar: Pour le Qatar 3a Karap: For the Republic of Korea: Pour la République de Corée : 3a KopeftcKyio Pecnyôjimcy: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 288______United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités_____1978 For the Republic of South Viet-Nam: Pour la République du Sud-Viet-Nam : 3a PecnyQjiHKy KbKHbifl BberaaM: For Romania: Pour la Roumanie 3a For Rwanda: Pour le Rwanda 3a Pyanny: For San Marino: Pour Saint-Marin : 3 a CaH-MapnHo: For Sao Tome and Principe: Pour Sao Tomé-et-Principe : 3 a CaH-ToMe H I For Saudi Arabia: Pour l'Arabie Saoudite : 3a CaynoBCKyio Apasmo: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — IVeaty Séries » Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités______289 For Senegal: Pour le Sénégal : 3a Ceneraji: For Sierra Leone: Pour le Sierra Leone 3a Cbeppa-JIeone: For Singapore: Pour Singapour 3a CHHranyp: For Somalia: Pour la Somalie 3a For South Africa: Pour l'Afrique du Sud : 3a lOacnyio Acppmcy: For Spain: Pour l'Espagne 3a Vol. 1079, 1-16510 290______United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Iraités_____1978 For Sri Lanka: Pour Sri Lanka : 3a IIIpH Jlamta: For the Sudan: Pour le Soudan 3a For Suriname: Pour le Suriname 3a For Swaziland: Pour le Souaziland 3a For Sweden: Pour la Suède : 3a UlBeiyiio: CARL DE GEER 17.12.76 Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Reçue» des Tt-aités______291 For Switzerland: Pour la Suisse : 3a HlBeâijapHio: CHARLES LENZ 4.8.19761 Sous réserve de ratification2 For the Syrian Arab Republic: Pour la République arabe syrienne : 3a GupHHCKyio ApaôcKyio PecnyÔJiHKy: For Thailand: Pour la Thaïlande 3 a For Togo: Pour le Togo 3a Toro: For Tonga: Pour les Tonga 3 a Tonra: 1 4 August 1976—4 août 1976, 2 Subject to ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 292______United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des Ifraités_____1978 For Trinidad and Tobago: Pour la Trinité-et-Tobago : 3a TpHHHflan H Toôaro: For Tunisia: Pour la Tunisie : 3a TyHHc: MOHAMED BEN FADHEL Le 11.6.1976' For Turkey: Pour la Turquie 3a TypijHio: For Uganda: Pour l'Ouganda 3a For the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic: Pour la République socialiste soviétique d'Ukraine : 3 a YicpaHHCKyK) CoBCTCKyio CoijHajiiicTHHecKyio PecnyôjiHKy: 1 11 June 1976—11 juin 1976. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series • Nations Unies — Recueil des IVaités______293 For thé Union of Soviet Socialist Republics: Pour l'Union des Républiques socialistes soviétiques : 3a Coras CoBeTCKHx CoiuiajiHCTHHecKHX PecnyôJiHK: For thé United Arab Emirates: Pour les Emirats arabes unis : 3a OôteflHHenHbie ApaôcKHe For thé United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: Pour le Royaume-Uni de Grande-Bretagne et d'Irlande du Nord : 3a CoeflHHCHHoe KopojieBCTBO BejimcoÔpHTaHHH H CesepHOH HpjianflHH: JAMES BOTTOMLEY 22.12.76 Subject to ratification1 For thé United Republic of Cameroon: Pour la République-Unie du Cameroun : 3a OôteflHHeHHyio PecnyÔJiHKy KaMepyn: For thé United Republic of Tanzania: Pour la République-Unie de Tanzanie 3a 06-beflHHeHHyio 1 Sous réserve de ratification. Vol. 1079, 1-16510 294______United Nations — Treaty Series » Nations Unies — Recueil des TVaités_____1978 For thé United States of America: Pour les Etats-Unis d'Amérique 3a CoeaHHeHHtie ÏÏIraTbi For the Upper Volta: Pour la Haute-Volta : 3a BepxHKHO BcwibTy: For Uruguay: Pour l'Uruguay 3a For Venezuela: Pour le Venezuela 3a Benecyajiy: For Western Samoa: Pour le Samoa-Occidental 3a 3anajmoe For Yemen: Pour le Yemen : 3a fteMCH: Vol. 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Series « Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______295 For Yugoslavia: Pour la Yougoslavie : 3a HDrocjiaBHK): MILOS LALOVIC 28.IV. 1976 For Zaire: Pour le Zaïre : 3a 3aap: For Zambia: Pour la Zambie : 3a! For the European Economie Community: Pour la Communauté économique européenne : 3a EBponeâcKoe SKOHOMunecKoe CooômecTBo: K. PlNGEL 30.12.76 Vol. 1079, I-165IO 296 United Nations — TVeaty Séries • Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités 1978 RESERVATIONS AND DECLARATIONS RÉSERVES ET DÉCLARATIONS MADE UPON RATIFICATION AND FAITES LORS DE LA RATIFICATION ACCESSION (a) ET DE L'ADHÉSION (a) BULGARIA (a) BULGARIE (a) [BULGARIAN TEXT — TEXTE BULGARE] "HapOflHa penyÔJiHKa EtJirapHH ne ce CHHTa oÔBtpsaHa c HJICH 57, TOHKH 2 HO 6 BKJiioHHTejiHO Ha KoHBCHUHHTa, OTHacamH ce no apÔHTpaîKa. HapoflHa peny6jiHKa Bi>jirapnH cMîrra, ne nanen cnop MO>KC na ôtae OTHCCCH no apÔHTpa- JKBH CT>H caMO CT>C CT>rJiacneTO na BCHHKH crpaHH no TOSH cnop. "HapoflHa penyôjimca BtJirapHH aeKJiapHpa, ne HJICH 52, TOHica 1, KOHTO orpaHHMasa ynacTHCTO na HSBecreH ôpoô m>p>KaBH B KoHBeHUHjrra, e B nporaBO- penne c oômpnpHeTHH npHHirnn sa cyBepeHHOTO paseHCTBo Me>Kny HtpsfcaBHTe. "HapoflHa penyôJiHKa B-Knrapua neKJiapnpa ci>tu;o, ne npeflBnaeHaTa B HJI6H 52, TOHKa 3 B1,3MO)«HOCT MHTHHHCCKH HJIH HKOHOM0H6CKH CtK)3H fla CT3HaT floroBapauuiH CTpaHH no KoHBeHUHHTa ne ctsnasa sa nez HHKaKBH santJiaceHHa no OTHOUieHHC H3 T63H CT>K)3H." [TRANSLATION] [TRADUCTION] The People's Republic of Bulgaria does La République populaire de Bulgarie ne not consider itself bound by article 57, se considère pas liée par les dispositions paragraphs 2 to 6, concerning arbitration. des paragraphes 2 à 6 de l'article 57 de la The People's Republic of Bulgaria con Convention, relatives à l'arbitrage. La Ré siders that a dispute can be referred to a publique populaire de Bulgarie considère court of arbitration only with the consent of qu'un différend ne peut être porté devant un all parties to the dispute. tribunal arbitral qu'avec l'assentiment de toutes les parties au différend. The People's Republic of Bulgaria de La République populaire de Bulgarie clares that article 52, paragraph 1, which déclare que le paragraphe 1 de l'article 52, restricts the participation by a certain num qui limite la participation à la Convention à ber of States in the Convention, is in un certain nombre d'Etats, est contraire au contradiction with the generally accepted principe généralement reconnu de l'égalité principle of sovereign equality of States. souveraine des Etats. The People's Republic of Bulgaria de La République populaire de Bulgarie clares also that the possibility envisaged in déclare en outre que la possibilité prévue au article 52, paragraph 3, for customs or paragraphe 3 de l'article 52 pour des unions economic unions to become Contracting douanières ou économiques de devenir Parties to the Convention does not bind Parties contractantes à la Convention n'en Bulgaria with any obligations whatsoever traîne pour la Bulgarie aucune obligation à with respect to these unions. l'égard desdites unions. HUNGARY HONGRIE [TRADUCTION — TRANSLATION] "The Hungarian People's Republic does La République populaire hongroise ne se not consider itself bound by the provisions considère pas liée par les dispositions rela on compulsory arbitration contained in tives à l'arbitrage obligatoire énoncées à article 57 of the Convention. l'article 57 de la Convention. Vol, 1079, 1-16510 1978_____United Nations — Treaty Séries » Nations Unies — Recueil des Traités______297 "The Hungarian People's Republic La République populaire hongroise ap- draws attention to the fact that the provi- pelle l'attention sur le fait que les disposi- sions of paragraph I of article 52 of the lions du paragraphe 1 de l'article 52 de la Convention are at variance with the funda- Convention sont contraires aux principes mental principles of international law. It fondamentaux du droit international. Le follows from the generally accepted princi- principe universellement admis de l'égalité pie of sovereign equality of States that the souveraine des Etats veut qu'il soit donné à Convention should be open for adherence tous les Etats, sans discrimination ni res- by ail States without any discrimination triction, la possibilité d'adhérer à la Con- and restriction." vention. Vol. 1079, 1-16510