Baggage policy Weight and count limits Baggage weight and count included in the fare may vary pursuant to the price package: Price Package Checked Bag Cabin Bag Small Personal Item Lite Not included 1 x 8 kg Not included Plus 1 x 23 kg 1 x 8 kg 1x 3 kg Flex 1 x 23 kg 1 x 8 kg 1x 3 kg Business 2 x 32 kg 2 x 8 kg 1 x 3 kg Checked bag is a registered bag carried in the cargo hold. The excess of free checked baggage allowance is subject to a fee pursuant to the carrier’s price list. For technical reasons, it is not possible to check pieces of baggage in excess of 32 kg and/or 250 cm in combined length, width and height, including handles, side pockets and wheels. Cabin bag is an unregistered bag with maximum dimensions of 55 x 40 x 23 cm and weight of up to 8 kg, or a musical instrument with weight not exceeding 8 kg, maximum length of 90 cm, maximum width of 35 cm and maximum depth of 20 cm, all including the case. A folded and packaged baby stroller may also be taken on board if meeting the size and weight limit of a cabin bag (max. 55 x 40 x 23 cm, max. 8 kg). In such a case, however, the stroller replaces the standard cabin bag. If necessary, passengers can also take on board crutches or orthopedic support devices or a collapsible wheelchair that will eventually be loaded into the cargo hold. Small personal bag shall mean a lady purse or a laptop with max. dimensions of 40 x 30 x 15 cm and weight of up to 3 kg. Baggage pooling (combining weight allowances of multiple passengers into one baggage) is not allowed. Cabin baggage and small personal items that exceed the maximum permitted amount, size and/or weight will be transported as checked baggage for a fee pursuant to the carrier’s price list in the aircraft cargo hold. Infants under 2 years of age travelling on adults´ laps may not carry their own baggage. However, if a free checked bag is included in adults´ fare in the same reservation, the infant can carry one checked bag of up to 10 kg of weight and sum of length + height + width up to 115 cm. 1 Other provisions for unchecked baggage a) The carrier shall be entitled to check the size of unchecked baggage and the total weight of all items taken by a passenger on board the aircraft. b) The unchecked baggage must fit in the space under the seat in front of the passenger, or in an overhead bin. Items not meeting the  for unchecked baggage shall be checked-in additionally as a checked baggage. For capacity reasons, the unchecked baggage may be carried in the cargo hold. The decision to carry the unchecked baggage in the cargo hold belongs to the crew. c) The carrier shall not be liable for a contingent loss, damage or destruction of unchecked baggage and personal items of a passenger, unless the loss, damage or destruction resulted from the fault of the carrier or that of its servants or agents. Other provisions for checked baggage a) In confirmation of acceptance, the passenger shall receive a coupon of baggage tag for the baggage given for carriage (checked baggage) by the passenger to the carrier. This coupon of a baggage tag shall be kept by the passenger for lodging a possible claim. The carrier shall not be liable for a baggage which is not collected immediately after the arrival. In case of unsuccessful tracing of the owner or impossibility to contact the owner, after the expiry of the relevant time period, the uncollected baggage will be ecologically disposed of. b) Checked baggage must be packed appropriately and suitably for safe transport. Such baggage shall be closed/locked so that it doesn’t open during the carriage. c) Before being checked-in, any luggage must be provided with a tag containing the name of the passenger as well as their contact details. The name given on the tag must match the name on the ticket and travel documents. The baggage including those with zip fasteners must be closed to prevent its opening during the carriage. d) The checked baggage shall be carried in the cargo compartment of usually the same aircraft as the passenger. Should such a carriage not be possible due to lack of transport capacity or aircraft over, it would be transported by the earliest possible connection with available transport capacity, unless otherwise agreed. e) For carriage pursuant to Article 2.3 of the  of Carriage (charter flights), the weight limit may be adjusted by the  specified in the lease agreement. In such case, the flight ordering party shall be obliged to notify the passenger on the defined weight limit. f) In any case, a maximum weight of one piece of baggage must not exceed 32 kg and the baggage must meet the following size limit: 250 cm in combined length, width and height, including handles, side pockets and wheels. g) Baby strollers, baby beds, certified child safety car seats and wheelchairs with detachable dry or gel batteries for disabled persons shall be carried by air free of charge (not valid for flights to/from the USA). h) The passenger is obliged to transport baby strollers fully packed in a transport packaging or a foil, even if the stroller is handed over before boarding the plane. Strollers handed over for transport without packaging/foil will be transported, but the carrier does not take responsibility for their possible damage. In case of damage and doubts about the packaging, the passenger is obliged to prove that the stroller has been packed. i) The carrier shall not be liable for the following baggage: • poorly packed baggage, • bicycles not placed in a solid plastic pack, • baby strollers without package or plastic foil, • baggage carried contrary to the  of Carriage. j) Baggage claims and requests for compensation for damage or non-delivery of baggage are governed by a separate document Baggage Claim, which is available on the carrier's website. 2 Baggage carried under specific  a) Pursuant to the  and regulations of the carrier and with consent of the carrier, weapons and ammunition shall be accepted for carriage as checked baggage. Weapons must not be loaded, they shall be equipped by a safety cap and packed accordingly. The carriage of weapons and ammunition shall be subject to ICAO and IATA regulations on carriage of dangerous goods. The carriage of weapons and ammunition shall be subject to charges pursuant to the applicable price list of the carrier. b) An antique weapon, sword, knife and similar antiquities can be accepted as the checked baggage pursuant to  and regulations of the carrier, albeit their carriage in the passenger cabin shall not be permitted. c) Subject to previous consent of the carrier, valuable, fragile or easily breakable items such as musical instruments, chandeliers, etc., packed in a cover can be taken as a baggage by a passenger to the passenger cabin and carried on an extra seat. For such baggage, the extra seat together with the seat of the passenger must be confirmed in advance. For seat reservation for a baggage, its size and weight must be notified. The notification to the carrier and the seat reservation must be made at least 48 hours prior to departure. For the sake of safe carriage on the seat, the weight of the baggage must not exceed 20 kg and the size must not exceed the width of 42 cm, the depth of 41 cm and the height of 120 cm for all aircraft types. The baggage has to be placed on the seat according to the carrier’s security procedures. For the carriage of a baggage on the seat, a fee amounting to the applicable fare of adult passenger will be charged. d) Passengers have a possibility at least 24 hours prior to handing over a baggage to the carrier to declare the value of the checked baggage higher than the air carrier's liability, and pay the established charge for the higher declared value pursuant to applicable price list of the carrier. Excess baggage a) Excess baggage includes: • baggage exceeding the free allowance, • sporting equipment such as: • a bicycle, a scooter, • ski equipment, i.e. 1 pair of skies including sticks or 1 snowboard and ski boots or 1 skibob, • diving equipment – equipment necessary for diving such as a pressure cylinder with accessories, one pair of fins, a mask, a diving suit, a bathometer, etc. The equipment for snorkeling, i.e. 1 glasses, a snorkel, 1 pair of fins, shall not be considered diving equipment, but for professional equipment even in this extent • windsurfing equipment, i.e. 1 board with 1 sail and 1 mast, • kiteboard + kite, • surfboard or paddleboard, • golf bag, • parachute, paraglider, hang glider • beach equipment, e. g. parasols, beach tents or kids‘ surfboards • fishing rods, etc. b) The sporting equipment in  of the Baggage policy must be reported to the carrier at least 24 hours prior to departure, it must be packed separately and must be recognizable as such at the check-in counter. The equipment must be packed to ensure damage-free transportation. c) The carriage of the following sport equipment in  of the Baggage policy shall always be subject to previous consent of the carrier: • a bicycle, a scooter, • windsurfing equipment, • a golf bag. d) The carriage of excess baggage shall be subject to charges pursuant to the applicable price list of the carrier. 3 Carriage of living animals a) Living animals can be carried only subject to prior consent of the carrier, under  set by the carrier and subject to own liability of the passenger, who shall carry them to destinations permitted by applicable regulations and by the carrier. Only dogs and cats in suitable crates shall be accepted for carriage, provided they have valid health and vaccination certificates, entry permissions and other documents required for entering the destination country. The carriage of other animals shall be subject to an individual solution with the carrier. Due to security reasons, carriage of reptiles and rodents shall not be permitted. b) A maximum of 2 animals may be carried in the cabin for passengers, provided the weight of the animal including the crate does not exceed- 8 kg and the size of the crate is a maximum of 43 x 30 x 27 cm. The crate must have an impermeable bottom, must be placed under the passenger's seat and the animal must not leave it during the flight. Otherwise, the animals shall be carried as checked baggage in the baggage compartment only, if allowed by the technical parameters of the aircraft. c) The carriage of living animals shall be subject to the applicable price list of the carrier. An escort dog, if accompanying a blind, deaf or otherwise disabled person, and a service dog may be carried in the cabin for passengers free of charge and without a crate. These dogs must wear harnesses, leashes, have a training certificate and required documents; a muzzle is recommended to be put on, if necessary. Passengers with an assistance dog shall be provided with an extra seat free of charge if purchased in advance, subject to the seats availability. d) The carrier is responsible for the transport of animals under the  of the Convention, relating to the carriage of baggage and cargo. The carrier is not liable beyond the responsibility as determined in the preceding sentence, for any injury, loss, illness or death of the animal, unless the damage was caused by the fault of the carrier. Forbidden items Passengers may not carry by air the following: a) baggage and items that may threaten safety of the flight, security of persons and property as well as baggage and items that might easily be damaged during the carriage, the package of which is not suitable, or may bother passengers, b) items specified by regulations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), International Air Transport Association (IATA) and regulations of the carrier as dangerous goods, c) items forbidden for carriage according to applicable law, directives or regulations of the relevant state, d) items in view of the carrier not suitable for carriage due to their weight, size or nature, e) items included on the List of forbidden items available on the carrier’s website. The carrier shall not be liable for any damage caused to the passenger in case of not observing these . 4