Cabin bags | easyJet EnglishFrançaisDeutschItalianoFrançais (Suisse)Deutsch (Schweiz)CastellanoNederlandsPortuguesCatalàČeskyDanskEλληνικάMagyarulPolskiTürkçeעברית English Français Deutsch Italiano Français (Suisse) Deutsch (Schweiz) Castellano Nederlands Portugues Català Česky Dansk Eλληνικά Magyarul Polski Türkçe עברית X Close HelpSign in Skip to main page content Flights & travel info Check your flight status Flight info Book a flight Arrivals & Departures Latest travel information Where we fly Low Fare Finder Flight timetables Cheap flights and travel guides Your travel Baggage Boarding Allocated seating Flying with children Special assistance Travel extras easyJet Plus Travel insurance Airport lounges Mobile App X Close Booking.com Why book with us? New deals listed every day Best Price Guarantee Free cancellation on most rooms Accommodation type Hotels Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels Bed & Breakfast Top hotel destinations Hotels in Amsterdam Hotels in London Hotels in Barcelona Hotels in Paris Hotels in Berlin Hotels in Edinburgh X Close Transport Car Rental All car rental deals Great cars in top destinations Help and info Other services Airport Parking Airport Transfers Holiday Taxis Stansted Express Stansted Express Bus transfers to London PariShuttle X Close Holidays Top beach holidays Algarve Crete Corfu Top city breaks Amsterdam Prague Berlin Budapest X Close Inspire Me Not sure where to go? Get inspired City breaks Nightlife hotspots Romantic cities Microadventures Top destination guides Amsterdam Barcelona Edinburgh Malaga Paris All destination guides Top route flight timetables London to Hurghada Manchester to Malaga Manchester to Paphos Bristol to Edinburgh Edinburgh to Lisbon Edinburgh to Berlin X Close Business Our flexible fare includes: Unlimited free date changes Upfront seats and Speedy Boarding One piece of hold luggage Fast track security Business Business Why fly with us for business? Business fares Distribution charter Group bookings Travel trade partners Everything you need easyJet Plus Airport lounges Airport transfers Business hotels Mobile boarding pass Keep up to date Flight Tracker Latest travel info Flight timetables Where we fly Mobile App X Close Manage bookings In this section you can: View and make changes to your bookings Add bags and other extras Choose your seat Check in online Manage bookings View my bookings Change flight Change name Reserve a seat Add hold baggage Add sports equipment Check in online Travel check list Book a hotel Car Rental Buy travel insurance Book airport transfers Download mobile boarding pass Travel info Baggage Boarding Allocated seating Flying with children Special assistance UK Air Passenger Duty changes for under 12s. X Close Check-in online > English Book a flight Flight Tracker Latest Travel Information Check-in Online Manage Bookings The Small Print  and  Acceptable Use Policy  Policy Fees & Charges  notice Français Deutsch Italiano Français (Suisse) Deutsch (Schweiz) Castellano Nederlands Portugues Català Česky Dansk Eλληνικά Magyarul Polski Türkçe עברית Help Baggage Cabin bags Cabin bags Hold luggage > Everyone can bring one small under seat cabin bag per person on board for free. It can be a maximum size of 45 x 36 x 20 cm (including any handles and wheels) and must be kept under the seat in front of you. Your bag can weigh up to 15kg, but we do ask that you’re able to lift and carry it yourself. If you’d also like to bring a large cabin bag on board (max. 56 x 45 x 25 cm, including any handles and wheels), you have the option to book a large cabin bag for your flight. Every customer who books a large cabin bag can also enjoy the benefit of Speedy Boarding. If you’re an easyJet Plus member or customer who has booked an Inclusive Plus fare, you can also bring a large cabin bag on board (in addition to your small cabin bag) as part of your membership or fare benefits. See below for full details. Please note that the maximum number of cabin bags available per person is two; one small cabin bag for all customers and one large cabin bag for customers if it’s included with their fare or membership benefits or where they have paid to add one to their booking. Remember - purchasing all your bags online is cheaper and will help you avoid paying bag fees at the airport and your cabin bags being placed in the hold. Cabin bags explained This video explains our cabin bag policy, including which bags you can bring on board, how big they can be, and where they need to fit. Please make sure you check your cabin bag allowance before you travel to avoid any unexpected charges. Cabin bag allowances: All customers can bring on board: One small cabin bag Maximum size 45 x 36 x 20cm (including any handles and wheels) Includes items like a small trolley case, handbag, rucksack and laptop bag, but please check dimensions Needs to fit under the seat in front of you Maximum weight 15kg. You need to be able to lift and carry the bag yourself Customers who have paid to add a large cabin bag to their booking or have easyJet Plus membership and have booked a large cabin bag can also bring on board: One large cabin bag Maximum size 56 x 45 x 25 cm (including any handles and wheels) Includes items like a trolley case and larger rucksack, but please check dimensions Needs to fit in an overhead locker Maximum weight 15kg. You need to be able to lift and carry the bag yourself Includes Speedy Boarding (be one of the first to board) Customers with easyJet Plus membership who have not added a large cabin bag, or who are travelling on a Inclusive Plus fare can also bring a large cabin bag on board, subject to available space. If there is no space available we will place the bag in the hold. Your cabin bag allowance - All customers Seat/bag booked Small under seat cabin bag Large cabin bag No seat selection Standard seat Up Front or Extra Legroom seat Large cabin bag added to your booking Inclusive Plus easyJet Plus If you choose not to select a seat when you book, our system will automatically allocate your seat when you check in and will aim to seat you next to others on your booking. Please be aware that if you’re auto-allocated an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat, your cabin bag allowance will be one small under seat cabin bag. Check your cabin bag size We check cabin bag sizes before you board. If your cabin bag is bigger than the maximum size allowed or if you bring a large cabin bag to the departure gate without the correct seat selection or without one pre-booked for your flight, it won’t be able to go in the cabin. We’ll have to check it into the aircraft hold and charges will apply. So it’s important to check your cabin bag allowance before you travel to avoid any unexpected charges. See the bags table on our Fees and Charges page for full details. If you’re unsure whether your cabin bag fits within our maximum dimensions, you can use our handy bag sizing tool on our app (iOS only). Simply open the app and click on your trip itinerary to find the bag sizing tool. You can then use your mobile phone camera to size your cabin bag. If it fits inside the maximum cabin bag dimensions for the bag type you’ve selected, you’re good to go. However, the bag sizing tool should only be used as a guide, the best way to know if your bag will fit is by measuring it with a tape measure (the old school way) before travel. If it doesn’t fit, don’t worry! You can always change your seat or hold luggage quickly and easily through our app or within Manage Bookings. How you can bring a large cabin bag on board When you book a flight with us, you’ll be offered the option to choose a fare which includes a large cabin bag or you can add one to your booking separately. Any fare or cabin bag booking that enables you to bring a large cabin bag on board also entitles you to Speedy Boarding, so you can be one of the first to board. Fare and cabin bag options can be selected at the time of booking, or via Manage Bookings, or on our app, even if you have checked in. You can also do this by contacting our Customer Services Team, but a small additional admin fee may apply if you ask them to do it for you. Please note that availability and prices may vary per flight, depending on when you book, and large cabin bag options may not always be available for your flight. We recommend that where possible you select fares or bags when making your booking to ensure the best availability. If you’re an easyJet Plus member who has added a large cabin bag to your booking you can bring a large cabin bag on board in addition to your small cabin bag. If you are an easyJet Plus member who has not added a large cabin bag, or you are travelling with a Inclusive Plus fare, you can also bring a large cabin bag, subject to available space on board. easyJet Plus members and Inclusive Plus fare customers easyJet Plus members: In addition to your standard cabin bag allowance, as an easyJet Plus member, you can also bring a large cabin bag on board. You can do this free of charge, as one of the benefits of your membership. Add a large cabin bag to your booking and simply enter your easyJet Plus membership number at checkout to get it for free. You can also select an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat free of charge as a benefit of your membership. If you do not book a large cabin bag in advance, your large cabin bag will be subject to available space and if there is no room left on board we will check it into the hold free of charge. Inclusive Plus Fare You can bring on board one large cabin bag in addition to your small cabin bag. Your large cabin bag will be subject to available space on board. In the unlikely event that there’s no space available, your large cabin bag will be placed in the hold at the gate, free of charge. Inclusive Plus fare customers can select an Up Front seat free of charge; Extra Legroom seats are available at a discounted rate. Your cabin bag allowance - easyJet Plus cardholders and Inclusive Plus fare Seat booked Small under seat cabin bag Large cabin bag No seat selection Subject to available locker space Standard seat Subject to available locker space Up Front or Extra Legroom seat easyJet Plus cardholders can select an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat free of charge as a benefit of their membership. Inclusive Plus fare customers can select an Up Front seat free of charge; Extra Legroom seats are available at a discounted rate. Cabin bag allowances for children and infants Infants with booked seats and children over 2 years old have the same cabin bag and hold luggage allowance as adults. If you’re travelling with an infant who will be seated on your lap, an additional baby changing bag is allowed for the infant (max. 45 x 36 x 20 cm) and this needs to fit under the seat in front of you. Cabin bag allowance No seat Infant on lap If the infant is occupying their own seat, you can bring: Cabin bag allowance Standard seat/ no seat selection Up Front or Extra Legroom seat Any seat selection with purchase of large cabin bag allowance In addition, for every infant or child travelling with you, you can bring up to two of the following items for free, in addition to your standard cabin bag allowance: travel cot pushchair double pushchair buggy car seat collapsible or non-collapsible pram booster seat baby back carrier You can check these in at Bag Drop before you go through security, or if you need to use any of them to get to the boarding gate, we’ll collect them from you before you board the plane and put them in the hold. They can then be collected at the baggage reclaim when you arrive Please see our Flying with children and infants page for more information. Hands Free To simplify our baggage options we’re no longer offering Hands Free, however we still have a wide range of other bag choices available including a large cabin bag option from £5.99, or hold bags from just £6.99. If you’ve already booked or have a voucher for Hands Free, you can of course still use the service. Smart luggage Smart luggage is a bag (suitcase, rucksack or similar) that contains a lithium battery or power bank, which is used to power itself or to recharge other devices. There are restrictions on the type of lithium batteries allowed. Please check here for more information. If the smart luggage is to be checked in and put in the hold, you need to disconnect and remove the lithium battery/power bank from the smart luggage at Bag Drop and take it into the cabin with you. Any exposed terminals should be covered with tape to prevent against short circuits. For safety reasons, the lithium battery/power bank needs to be disconnected, so if you are unable to remove it from your luggage, we won’t be able to accept the bag on board. Handheld belongings You’re allowed to bring some extra things into the cabin. e.g. umbrella, overcoat, crutches, walking stick, one standard bag of goods bought at the airport. Cabin bags explained 1m38s This video explains our cabin bag policy, including which bags you can bring on board, how big they can be, and where they need to fit. Please make sure you check your cabin bag allowance before you travel to avoid any unexpected charges. Search help and advice See more in Baggage Cabin bag FAQs Cabin bags and hold luggage Sports equipment Musical instruments Restricted and unusual items Damaged or delayed bag and lost property Manage Bookings Change your name, flight, seats or add hold luggage online. Log in Flight info Check-in online Cheap flights Arrivals and departures Manage bookings Where we fly Baggage allowance Customer service Help Accessibility Latest travel information Special assistance Site map Travel trade partners About easyJet Careers Company information Corporate responsibility Investors Media Unicef Fearless Flyer course Orange Spirit The small print Acceptable use policy Dangerous Goods & Prohibited Articles Fees and charges Key  for your booking  notice  and  Sign up for Special Offers Like us on Facebook Visit us on YouTube  on LinkedIn  on Instagram